
 
 Richard,
 
 I checked with Wink and his prices were slightly lower per square foot but the builder was not keen on the panels Wink is selling because the dimensional lumber to frame windows and doors is not included.  So that reduces some of the savings.  Either way it still appears that a panel home will cost close to $20,000 more for a 4000 sq ft home.  Even if I assume my energy savings will be $125/month, it would take approximately 22 years to recover the upfront cost assuming a 5% interest rate.  
 
 Cost is a major concern, but I am also concerned with the comfort level of the upstairs.  I am under the impression that the panels will prevent the upstairs from feeling significantly hotter than the downstairs as most two story homes do.  What are some other alternatives that would also be effective?  Radiant barrier?  More attic ventilation?  
 
 Thank you for your help.
 
 Phillip Allen
 713-853-7041
 
  

   Subject:
 
 
 Richard,
 
 I spoke to you earlier this week with questions about building with
 SIP's.  I am planning to build a home in San Marcos as soon as I can
 decide on a builder and materials.  I already have my blueprints
 completed.  What I took from our conversation  was to use the SIP's with
 8.5" roof panels and use a metal roof.
 
 I have been working with Johnnie Brown, a builder from San Antonio that
 is also a Creative Panel rep.  The problem is that I have a budget of
 $85-$90/sf and it does not appear that he will be able to stay within
 that budget.  I don't want to settle for a conventional stick built
 house.  I was wondering about alternatives.  Would some combination of a
 radiant barrier and non-CFC spray insulation provide close to the same
 energy savings at a lower cost than SIP's. For example, I just spoke to
 a sales rep for Demilec.  He will spray foam insulation at $1.30/sf.
 That would be approximately $10,000 compared to over $20,000 additional
 costs for the panels.  But would the foam insulation be as effective?
 Do you have any suggestions of materials or contractors that would help
 me construct the best home for the money.  I am trying to get a bid from
 Wink with Premier based on you reference.
 
 Thank you for your help.
 
 Phillip Allen

 713-853-7041
 
 
 