
 
 
 
  

 
  
 
 
 GET RICH ON $6.00
 
 
 We have all heard of the get rich quick, right? Well, I am taking a chance,
 I do know one of the people and
 they have received about $600 so far..  She also said that it is the
 easiest money she has ever made. So, lets give it a try! You have lost
 a lot more than this at the park..
 
 PLEASE READ IN ITS ENTIRETY
 $6.00 CAN GET YOU THOUSANDS IN JUST A FEW MONTHS!
 
 
 This method works in a very short time. The cost is only $6.00!
 This is the 16th day since I started receiving $ cash, and so
 far I have received $5,845 (in $1 Bills)...so I guess this is really
 working already! Give it a try! All I did was follow the
 instructions in the letter that I received below, and sent out
 some e-mail to people that responded to my ads.
 
 Here is a testimony from one of the thousands that have
 benefited from this get-rich-quick plan:
 
 
 "I'm a retired attorney, and about a year ago a man came to me
 with a letter. The letter he brought to me is the same letter before
 you now. He asked me to verify that this letter was legal. I told
 him that I would review it and get back to him. When I first read
 the letter, I thought it was some off the wall idea to make money.
  A week later I met again with my client to discuss the issue. I told
 him that the letter originally brought to me was not 100% legal.
 I advised him to make a small change in the letter and it will
 be all right. I was curious about the letter, so he told me how
 it worked. I thought it was a long shot, so I decided against
 participating.
 
 Before my client left, I asked him to keep me updated as to his
 results.
 
 About two months later he called me to tell me that he had
 received more than $800,000.00 in cash!! I didn't believe him so
 he asked me to try the plan and see for myself."
 
 "I thought about it for a few days and decided that there was
 not much to lose. I followed the instructions exactly and mailed
 out 200 letters. Sure enough the money started coming in! It
 came slowly at first, but after three weeks I was getting more
 than I could open in a day. After three months the money stopped
 coming. I kept a precise record of my earnings and at the end it
 totaled $868,439.00. I earn a good living as an attorney, but as
 anyone in the legal profession will tell you, there is a lot of
 stress that comes with the territory. I decided if things worked
 out, I would retire from practice and play golf. This time I
 sent out 500 letters. Well, three months later, I had totaled
 $2,344,178.00."
 
 "I met my old client for lunch to find out exactly how it works.
 He told me that there were a few similar letters going around.
 What made this one different is the fact that there were six
 names on the letter, not three like most others. That fact alone
 resulted in more returns. The other factor was the advice I gave
 him in making sure the whole thing was perfectly legal, since no
 one wants to risk doing anything illegal. I bet now you are
 curious about what little changes I told him to make. Well if
 you send a letter like this one out, to be legal, you must sell
 something if you expect to receive a dollar. I told him that
 anyone sending a dollar must receive something in RETURN. So
 when you send a dollar to each of the six names on the list, you
 must include a slip of paper saying, "Please add me to your
 mailing list" and include your name, mailing address and e-mail
 address.
 
 This is the key to the program. The item you will receive for
 your dollar sent, is THIS letter and the right to earn
 thousands."
 
 
 Follow the simple instructions EXACTLY, and in less than three
 months you should receive MORE THAN $800,000.00 IN COLD HARD
 CASH!
 
 
 1) IMMEDIATELY send ONE DOLLAR [$1.00 US$] to each of the six
 people listed below. THE SOONER YOU SEND THE "$1.00 LETTERS" THE
 SOONER YOU CAN START GETTING A RETURN! Wrap the dollar (in order
 to prevent thievery) in a note saying "PLEASE ADD ME TO YOUR
 MAILING LIST". Include YOUR NAME, MAILING ADDRESS AND E-MAIL
 ADDRESS.
 
  to each of the six names on
  the list (This is VERY IMPORTANT), with a note saying
 "PLEASE ADD ME TO YOUR MAILING LIST".
 
 
 P.S. You've read this far, so let me ask you one simple question,
 
 WHAT HAVE YOU GOT TO LOSE?..... $6.00 !!!
 
 Even with a 1% return you will still get $100,000.00 in 90 DAYS!
 What you can gain is an income, like the example in this letter.
 You will have a very small expense, but you will reap HUGE
 potential returns! What do you have to lose? I invite you to
 JOIN our mailing list RIGHT NOW!
 
 
 Thank you for your time. GOOD LUCK & BEST WISHES TO YOU!!!
 
 
 
 This is a one time mailing. To be removed from our list, REPLY with "REMOVE" in the subject line.
 (Please allow 24 to 48 hours for removal processing.)