
 
 There is a Treebeard's in the tunnel at 1100 Lousiana.  There isn't too much towards Enron.  I don't mind going towards your building.  You have probably been to Bucco di Bacco (sp?) over by your building. Good Italian. There is also a Cafe Express down there. I am OK with any of those.  Do you like Sushi?  There is a Miyako in the Bank One Center.
  

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                 
 
                Hey Gerald!!  The weekend was good.  I went to a wedding on
          Saturday,
                but I
                was bored almost all day Sunday.  My boyfriend and I finally
       went
          to
                Teala's (Houston's answer to Baby A's) for Ritas.  If you've
       never
             tried
                it
                - Mango would be my recommendation.  Sorry I missed you and
       your
             friends
                on
                Thursday.  I wimped out Thursday and Friday - pretty
    pathetic.
          But I
                give
                you props just for considering GK 2 weeks in a row!!  Did
    you
       do
                anything
                fun?
 
                To:
 
 

                                
                 
 
 
                Hi Jennifer,  How was your weekend?  Did you do anything
       exciting?
          I
                was
                invited to go with some friends to the GK on Friday night,
    but
       I
             thought
                that two Fridays in a row would be pushing my luck, so I
    begged
          off.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message.  If
 you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for
 delivery of the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this
 message to anyone. In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly
 notify the sender by reply email. Please advise immediately if you or your
 employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind.
 Opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not
 relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither
 given nor endorsed by it.