
 
 
 Mike,
 
 Please, take a look at this one.
 
 Vince
  to financial, power and energy industry clients,
 of which Enron is one. In addition, the group provides load forecasts to many
 of the largest power traders in the country.
 
 e-Acumen's newest product, WeatherAcumen, is a quantitative weather risk
 platform based on leading edge portfolio optimization analytics and simulation
 techniques.  WeatherAcumen mitigates weather risk by more accurately
 determining intrinsic values of weather derivatives, and features proprietary
 applications of a non-parametric Monte Carlo simulation engine that provides
 high fidelity indications of statistical arbitrage opportunities, resulting in
 more profitable hedging and trading strategies.
 
 A WeatherAcumen demonstration is scheduled for September 14 with Mark Tawney,
 head of the weather desk, as well as Claudio Ribeiro, Joe Hrgovcic, and
 Michael Nguyen.   While they will be considering the functional benefits of
 such a platform to Enron's weather operations, I wanted to discuss a longer-
 term partnership opportunity with you that could benefit Enron from a
 marketing and profitability standpoint.
 
 One possible model for collaboration could involve e-Acumen providing a direct
 link from the WeatherAcumen platform to EnronOnline in order to drive
 increased trading volume to your site.  WeatherAcumen's superior analytics,
 industry-leading weather backcasts and forecasts, and proprietary simulation
 technology allow weather derivatives, power, and gas traders to have greater
 price-discovery capabilities.  Even better, firms trading with a WeatherAcumen-
 enabled counterparty will have more confidence in posted prices, and thus be
 more willing to trade on your site.  We feel that such a partnership could
 very beneficial to both Enron and e-Acumen.
 
 I would appreciate the opportunity to talk with you in person. Please let me
 know if there is a convenient time to call you to discuss how we might
 collaborate with Enron.  Thank you very much, and I look forward to the
 possibility of working with you again.
 
 Very best regards,
 
 Heather Thorne
 Marketing Manager, e-Acumen