
 
  an extremely big one....
 
 
 

 	07/31/2001 08:49 AM
 		 

 		  		  
 Maviglio is an  relevant facts not available to the 
 public, according to the SEC. Violations can bring lawsuits and criminal 
 prosecution. 
 Michael Prozan, a Menlo Park lawyer and expert on insider trading, said the 
 prohibition against it originally focused on halting company executives from 
 profiting from news before it was disclosed publicly. 
 But the laws have been broadened to include others besides company employees. 
 Investment bankers, lawyers and journalists have been snared by 
 insider-trading crackdowns. 
 Davis' office was instrumental earlier this year in paving the way for 
 removing barriers to construction of a Calpine plant in San Jose. On May 30, 
 after opposing the project for years, San Jose Mayor Ron Gonzales announced 
 he had negotiated an agreement addressing his concerns and agreed to support 
 construction. 
 His action came after Davis in April endorsed the plant's construction and as 
 the state Energy Commission threatened to approve it over local objections. 
 On June 20, the company announced it had won tentative state approval to 
 build the plant. 
 Maviglio said he buys many stocks and that Enron Corp. and Calpine are the 
 only energy generators among them. He owns 100 shares of Enron stock, which 
 he purchased in 1996. 
 "I deal with hundreds of California companies just about every day, and this 
 was one that I saw that looked like a good investment based on public 
 knowledge," he said. "I read six newspapers a day or more, and I know what's 
 going on in the world. If there's a standard that I can't invest in something 
 that I have general public knowledge of, then I wouldn't have any stocks at 
 all." 
 Maviglio said that the "open" order he placed meant that he could not have 
 used inside information to make his stock purchase. 
 "Had I had specific knowledge about a contract being signed or what actually 
 happened in the office of the mayor of San Jose ... that would have been 
 unrelated," Maviglio said. "There was no timing-based sequence to it." 
 Calpine stock, despite the company's considerable success, has slipped in 
 recent weeks because of general investor anxiety about the California energy 
 crisis. 
 The stock, which trades on the New York Stock Exchange, closed at $49.30 on 
 May 31, the day Maviglio says he placed the purchase order. The order was 
 executed as the stock dipped below $40 on June 20, closing that day at 
 $39.85. 
 The day before, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission announced a 
 price-control plan that investors believed was damaging to generators' 
 profits. On Monday, the stock closed at $37.13. 
 Last week, the Davis administration stopped doing business with five energy 
 traders under contract with the administration after Maviglio said 
 administration lawyers "came to the determination that there are possible 
 violations of the law or close to it." 
 "It's not a crime to own energy stock," Maviglio said Monday. "The difference 
 with these traders is they're making governmental decisions. They're 
 committing the state's resources by spending money to buy power." 
 Jim Knox, director of California Common Cause, said he believes the 
 Governor's Office made critical errors while hiring staff to purchase energy 
 for the state. 
 "Had the Governor's Office gone to the trouble to have these people fill 
 statements of economic interest, as they were required to do by law, they 
 should have known this before they were hired and they shouldn't have been 
 hired," Knox said. 
 
 


 Emily Bazar of The Bee Capitol Bureau contributed to this report.
 
