
 
 	Shelley, I do not see the ladies name you mentioned on any of these emails.
 	If you will forward it to me.  I will send her this note.  Thanks. Lynn
 
  
 In the meantime I have arranged for a visit to a major shipper and trader, in Atlanta (on the access as it is seen and done by a shipper, on many pipelines and storages), and to another major shipper and producer in Houston (on the relationship with FERC and other regulatory authorities, as well as on the access practice).
 A visit to a major pipeline would fit well in this framework. To my opinion, Northern would be all right. It should act as a model to what could also be arranged, with time, by big transmission operator(s) in our country. It could refer to the dispatching operation, and to the commercial scheduling of transmission, to the nomination, balancing and allocation, as well as to the infomation that the pipeline gives to the general public and to regulatory authorities. If possible, two days would be a proper duration.
 I think you can consider me a relatively well informed person, so there would be no need of formal presentations. The opportunity to see real operations and to discuss with experts would be all right. 
 In the past, when I was in Snam, I took the opportunity of keeping in touch with the developments in the Usa. So, I already have a relatively good general knowledge of the american system. Last time was some years ago, when I visited Transcanada, in Calgary, for a week (focusing on nomination and balancing). Among the pipelines I visited in the course of earlier years, there were EL Paso, PG&E, Northwestern and also Northern for a short visit.
 Going to Omaha would not be a problem for me.
 As for the period, it would be in the second half of August (because with september there would be a very heavy workload to do, here in Milano).
 Thank you and best regards
 Mauro
 
 
 Dear Alfredo,
 I'm finalizig this week the program for a visit in the USA for and updte
 on TPA practice, there.
 Among of meetings I'm going to arrange, it would be of interest a visit
 at a major pipeline.
 Northern seems to me a good example. Would you envisage it as a possible
 example for me?
 I would discuss the organization of dispatching, see the nomination and
 balancing operation, the allocation of measurement, and other major
 aspects of TPA implementation (including OBAs with interconnecting
 pipelines) for transmission and storage.
 I'm considering the end of August for such a visit. Owing to the extent
 of the subjects, maybe two days would be appropriate.
 Thank you and best regards
 Mauro
 
 
