
 
  
  California's new power agency is rushing to buy more electricity for next summer, even as the state has come under fire for buying too much costly power and then having to sell it at bargain prices. 
 
 Moreover, another state agency says the state will have enough power - because of existing contracts and conservation - to get through the hottest of summers next year. 
 
 The new power purchases, which are being negotiated by the California Public Power and Financing Authority, could add as much as 3,000 megawatts of power to California - enough for about 2.3 million homes - by June. That would be in addition to the existing $43 billion in long-term agreements the state has already inked with power generators. 
 
 Many observers - even those supportive of the power authority's goal to increase cleaner, alternative energy sources in the state - are balking at the agency's rapid pace, saying consumers will end up paying more in the long run. 
 
 "We're dumping power and (authority Chairman) David Freeman is buying more power. What's up with that? It's absolutely ludicrous,'' said Harry Snyder, executive director of Consumers' Union, which publishes Consumer Reports. 
 
 A draft report by the California Energy Commission shows the state already has plenty of power for next year. 
 Without the extra power being negotiated by the power authority, even in a very hot summer, the state would have about 6,000 extra megawatts during peak periods, when it needs 63,800 megawatts, about a 9 percent cushion. That is if all power plants came online as expected and residents continued to conserve as they are. 
 
 In a normal summer, such as this year's, the state would have 10,000 extra megawatts above the average 59,000 megawatts it needs, roughly a 17 percent surplus. 
 
 Power authority officials counter that those surplus figures are estimates that depend on people conserving at the rate they did this summer. "The more we own of our own supply, the more we can control the market,'' said state Treasurer Phil Angelides, an authority board member. 
 
 Said Freeman: "We are thinking our way through what we should do for next summer. That why we get paid the big bucks." 
 New contracts would increase 'green' power 
 In addition, at least one-third of the new energy the power authority is trying to buy - 1,000 megawatts - would come from solar, wind and other renewable energy providers, officials said. 
 
 Such generators were left out when the state signed its initial round of contracts. Bringing on 1,000 more megawatts would increase the portion of the state's energy derived from renewable resources to 13 percent. The long-term goal is 17 percent. 
 
 The remaining power purchased under the new contracts, perhaps 2,000 megawatts, would be from so-called "peaker'' plants - less efficient jet-engine-like generators that are turned on only during emergency shortages. 
 
 The emphasis on these natural gas plants irks many environmentalists, but proponents of them say these would be a new generation of gas peakers. While not preferable to conventional generating plants, they would pollute less than the peakers currently being pressed into service. If California can build new, more efficient ones, it can retire the old polluting ones, the argument goes. 
 
 Nonetheless, critics fear the state, rushing into new negotiations, will leave ratepayers with more expensive power contracts. They note that the authority hasn't completed an assessment on exactly how much power it really needs and what it wants for the state's power portfolio. That assessment won't be done until February. 
 
 "I hope they have a basis on which they've determined they need those (3,000) megawatts of contracts,'' said Lenny Goldberg, a lobbyist for The Utility Reform Network, a consumer watchdog group. 
 
 Businesses worry new pacts will hurt them 
 Even the state's businesses are critical. 
 They believe that the more expensive long-term power there is under state contract, the less likely lawmakers are to businesses go into the open market to buy the cheaper electricity they think they can get there. 
 
 Lawmakers, they believe, will want to force businesses to continue to buy power under the contracts they've negotiated because if the businesses were allowed to pull out, residential customers alone would be left paying the higher prices that those contracts dictate. 
 
 Lawmakers are reluctant to put any more burdens on the average consumer, who they feel are the unintended victims of a severely flawed deregulation system. 
 
 "I would just as soon not see them negotiate any more contracts,'' said Jack Stewart, president of the California Manufacturers and Technology Association. 
 
 The state power authority was signed into law in May to build its own plants, help others finance them and compete with the private power companies. Leading the $5 million-a-year agency is Freeman, the former head of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and one of Davis' closest advisers during the energy crisis. 
 
 The Legislature's auditors are casting a critical eye at the power authority and will hold hearings next month. 
 "It's not an investigation,'' said Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Felton, chairman of the Joint Legislative Audit Committee. But "it's appropriate early and often to review their work in a public venue and have them held accountable for compliance of the law.'' 
 
 Keeley's committee is looking into the planned purchases and he said he could not yet conclude whether the power authority's actions could help or hurt the state. 
 
 Freeman said onlookers have been too quick to criticize the state's work. 
 "The plain truth is we had blackouts last winter. We did what we could. We kept the rates stable and lights on,'' Freeman said. "Criticism is real easy with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight.''