
 
 We need to be very cautious about signing on to documents that seek to delay the start date of any RTO - unless and until I hear something different from FERC, my going in assumption is that Enron will be one of the only voices on this issue.  We should only give on this issue when real value is being created. 
 
 Why not file a "me too" on the issue of seating of the Board w/o agreeing to everything else?
 
 Jim
 
 

    stay....
 Importance: High
 
 
 FYI (see messages below) 
 
 NOTICE:  The forgoing message may be protected by the attorney-client
 privilege.  If you believe that it has been sent to you in error, do not
 read it.  Please reply to the sender that you have received the message in
 error, then delete it.  Thank you.
 
 Sam Randazzo
 McNees Wallace & Nurick LLC
 (614) 719-2840 (voice)   (614) 469-4653 (fax)

 
 Importance:	High
 
 FYI (see message below).  Please advise if you or your organization is
 interested in joining in sponsoring this pleading and if you have any
 suggested changes. 
 
  
  <<82701protest.doc>> Attached for your review and consideration is a draft
 "Motion to Reject, Protest, and Further Start-up Activities by the Alliance
 Companies of The Virginia State Corporation Commission". 
 We have opted not to file a complaint and have choosen the abovce approach.
 While a motion for stay is traditionally only filed when a party seeks to
 stay an agency order, in this instance we thought it would be appropriate to
 request that the Commission "stay" the Alliance Companies' RTO-related
 start-up activities, pending implementation of an independent board.  Given
 the new chair's interest in competitive markets, we think there is nothing
 to lose with this approach, and we believe making the arguments in the
 context of the requirements for a stay may emphasize the critical nature of
 the request.
 I have been informed that 8 of the 10 Alliance Companies have signed a
 letter of intent to enter into negotiations for National Grid to become the
 managing member. The interim governance proposal is "pretty close" to the
 Tuesday's Alliance Company proposal.
 The draft anticipates that the Alliance Companies will put forth a interim
 governance similar to what they put forward last Tuesday.  We will, of
 course, have to make adjustments after we have actually seen the filing.
 We look forward to receiving your input.
