
 
 I have looked at the policy and have no major issue with it, except to the extent that it may be either duplicative or different from policies that Corp. is looking to implement.
 
 I agree with Paul's approach on the practice aspect as well as the statement that management will take reasonable steps to look for their unaccounted-for personnel.
 
 Paul, it might make sense for you to talk with Robert Jones and David Oxley, who are looking at overall security issues in the wake of the terrorist attacks.
 
 Michelle
 
  
    Cc:	Fehl, Rick; Moss, Kevin; Nahas, Al
  
 Team,
 
 Please consider the policy outlined below to be effective immediately.
 
 
 
 EMERGENCY CHECK IN POLICY
 FOR
 EBS FIELD OPERATIONS EMPLOYEES
 
 
 In light of the recent tragedies that occurred in New York City and Washington, D.C., Enron Broadband Services Field Operations is adopting a new policy that requires field operations personnel to check-in during unusual situations and emergencies, whether natural or man-made.  Through this check in, management will be able to ensure that any and all necessary measures are taken to provide for the safety of employees. 
 
 Therefore, in the event of a disaster or emergency, all EBS employees and contractors shall call the Network Operations Center in Houston at 800 267-7028, as soon as they can do so safely, to advise EBS management of their status.  Since some personnel may be traveling or on a temporary assignment known only to their immediate supervision, all personnel are requested to check-in, not only those physically assigned to a location near the event.  Personnel on vacation or other leave should also make an effort to check-in so their safety can be assured as well. Phone contact is preferable, however, email or other communication services are acceptable. When you make the call, please provide the following information:
 
 Name
 Phone number where you can be reached
 Immediate Supervisor
 Current location
 Assigned location
 Any assistance required
 
 It is the goal and focus of the company to provide a safe and secure work atmosphere for all employees.  Should you have any other further suggestions in this regard, please forward them to Herb Caballero, our safety manager, who is charged with developing policies to ensure your safety.
 
 Regards,
 
 Allan Grimm
 Senior Director, Field Operations