
 
 Glen,
 
 Can you help interpret this impact of this decision on California customers for us?  Since we are looking at the Southern Trails system again, is this really good for them?  Exactly what is the rate the peaking customer would be charged?
 
 Many thanks, Kim.
 
   made it uneconomic to sign up on other lines. Called on by the CPUC to come in with a more moderate system, SoCalGas had proposed replacing the RLS charge with a peaking charge that customers said was just as onerous. 
 The CPUC made its decision on a revised peaking charge unanimously on a 4-0 vote, with one of the five-member body's commissioners absent. 
 The CPUC action establishes a peaking rate for SoCalGas customers who want to take only partial service from the utility and get their baseload service from another pipeline. Customers will be required to pay a monthly demand charge, public goods charge collected on a volumetric basis (so if there is no use, there is no charge), a reservation charge with a complex formula, and an interruptible peaking rate for volumes actually received. 
 Peaking customers will be subject to daily balancing and a credit for service interruptions of firm capacity, which will apply to both new and existing facilities. 
 "The new rate contrasts to the rate design in place for SoCalGas' standard full-requirements firm-load customers who pay for priority on a volumetric basis," Lynch said. "We're changing the peaking rates so that customers not taking their full service from the utility will only pay for the amount of capacity they use on any given day. 
 "The challenge for the CPUC in this case was to establish a peaking tariff for natural gas service that fairly compensates SoCalGas for standing ready to serve the peak needs only of some customers, while those customers go off its system for their baseload needs, but also to develop a tariff that allows SoCalGas to be able to compete with some of the energy company pipelines that plan to enter into SoCal's service territory. 
 "We're trying to encourage and promote additional natural gas resources without encouraging cherry picking or overbuilding for which core customers would end up paying for," Lynch added. 