
 
 FYI.  In case you hadn't seen it.  Interestingly, no mention of the transfer of the gas assets.
 Best,
 Jeff
 PG&E restructuring bid draws state ire 
 By Dale Kasler and Carrie Peyton
 Bee Staff Writers 
 (Published Sept. 21, 2001)
 
 In a controversial attempt to dig its way out of bankruptcy, Pacific Gas and Electric Co. proposed a radical restructuring Thursday that would pay off its debts but end state regulation of the utility's valuable hydroelectric and nuclear plants. 
 To make the plan work, PG&E asked a U.S. bankruptcy judge to override state laws and regulations governing power-plant ownership  to PG&E Corp. for $4.06 billion in cash and IOUs. PG&E Corp. shareholders would receive stock in the slimmed-down utility, although the details of the stock transaction haven't been worked out. 
 The bankruptcy proposal represents the fourth time in three years that PG&E has tried to remove its hydro plants from state control. The PUC and Legislature have resisted because of potential impacts on costs and the environment. 
 Despite the criticism, PG&E said removing those assets from regulators' oversight is essential to making the plan work. Why? Because PUC rules limit how much money the utility can borrow against those assets, said utility spokesman Ron Low. If the assets became property of PG&E Corp., the corporation could borrow a lot more money and use the proceeds to pay its debts. Glynn said he's had "in-depth discussions" with investment bankers about issuing new bonds. 
 Also, by removing the generating plants from PUC oversight, the plan can produce more cash for debt repayment, said credit analyst David Bodek of Standard & Poor's Corp. in New York. 
 If state officials fight the plan, "the question arises, 'How do you discharge these (debts)?' " Bodek said. "Here's a plan that does that." 
 The plan would pay creditors $9.1 billion in cash and $4.1 billion in bonds. Creditors with debts of more than $100,000 would get 60 percent in cash and 40 percent in bonds, which will be paid in 10 or more years, said Paul Aronzon, attorney for a committee of unsecured creditors. 
 "There's some credibility here, and it works," Aronzon said of the plan. 
 Gary Ackerman, a spokesman for independent generators, said his group would probably accept the plan, even if it means they have to wait years to get some of their money. 
 Shareholders also endorsed the plan. PG&E Corp.'s stock jumped $1.22, to $15.72, on a day when the markets took another bad fall