
 
 
 
  

 
  
 tEXas tailgatES talk
 
 Okay, I have come off of the ledge. I thought about a
 lot of things when I was out there: what if the punt
 was tipped, what if it was a safety, what in the world
 was going through Gary Barnett's mind on that fake punt,
 what if the field goal was good, wow, it's really high
 up here... Mostly I thought this: no more Dallas. Let's
 not play any more games in the DFW area, nothing good
 happens. We will meet the Okies in Waco and play'em at
 Baylor. Who's going to mind?
 Certainly not the Bears (they really don't use the field
 much any way) and certainly not me.
 
 39-37
 
 If you were a 3rd party observer, this game was probably
 very exciting. Texas goes up early, Colorado roars ahead
 at half, and Texas fights back, but falls just short. I
 AM NOT a 3rd party observer. The Horns were so close. 2
 points away from a Big XII Championship. D'oh! Give the
 Buffaloes their credit, they brought that nasty running
 game that we all thought was an aberration vs. Nebraska.
 Chris Brown looked liked he was 9 feet tall (have you
 ever seen a guy run higher than him? He makes Eddie George
 look like a hunchback It was like watching Michael Johnson
 sprint) and the CU o-line was just evil. 3 or 4 of those
 guys will be playing on Sundays next year. On defense, the
 'horns lack of size showed. It's hard to stop a power
 running game that's clicking with small tackles, or even
 big ones- ask Nebraska, and quick defensive ends. To their
 credit, the Texas defense did not fold, but fought the
 good fight and stemmed the tide, holding CU to 10 points
 in the 2nd half. The 1st half was the killer.  The 1st half.
 Oh. The Horns looked great to start the game, but things
 went wrong. Chris Simms didn't play well, and would be the
 1st to tell you that it was his worst game at Texas so far.
 3 interceptions and 1 fumble. Ouch. Cedric Benson was
 running well, 13 carries for 79 yards and a score, before
 he was hurt with a pinched nerve. The 'horns got down 29-10
 and it looked like they would be blown out (that's sort of
 how the OU game in 2000 started), but they refused to die,
 and fought back to near even. Major Applewhite went from
 cult hero to certified legend by throwing a 79 yd touchdown
 pass on his 2nd play after replacing an injured Simms, and
 Texas nearly pulled it out, but was too far back in the
 long run.  I want to talk about Simms for a second. It would
 be absurd to say that those 4 turnovers weren't the main
 reason Texas lost. It was. Chris played badly. Horrible.
 There is no other way to say it. He is a big boy, and I am
 quite sure he has the mental toughness to hear this
 (and I'm sure he has) and learn from it. It was not your
 day, Lefty, turn the page and move on. Everybody has them.
 Ty Detmer threw 7 picks in 1 game this year. Kurt Warner had
 4 v. the Saints. You will no doubt have more of those when
 you get to the League in 2003. There is no shame in playing
 bad, as long as you learn something from it. You had 2 bad
 days in '01, but you also had 10 good ones, and 3 or 4 great
 ones. Get that 2 down to 1 next year, and you will hear no
 complaints from me; of course I'm not speaking for everyone...
 
 I thought the coaches called a good game. Greg Davis opened
 up the playbook with some reverses and deep middle-stuff,
 and Carl Reese was working up-hill most of the night and
 still held CU to 111 passing and 334 total. The blocked
 punt call, in my opinion, was a good call. Texas got one
 at A&M, and needed some help at that point. To ask the Horns
 to go 80 + yards through the air (there was no Benson, so
 no running game) with your big tackle (Mike Williams) out
 of the game would have been a tall order. Get the block, and
 you set up shop at mid-field or even run it back for 6.
 They didn't get the block, obviously. Teams call the punt-block
 all of the time, but don't hit the kicker. The kid for Texas
 missed the punt by 2 inches, but fell into the CU punter.
 1st down. Tough break. Hindsight is 20/20, but I would call
 it again.
 

 
 FORWARD THIS EMAIL TO A FRIEND!
 
 Texas Tailgate Talk is free service for members of the Texas
 Exes and graduates of The University of Texas.
 
 To subscribe to the Texas Tailgate Talk send this email to

 subject line.  Be sure and include YOUR FULL NAME in the body
 of the email.
 
 If you want to change where we send the email,
 update your free Texas Ex forwarding email by going to
 http://www.alumni.utexas.net
 
 You can also update your record at:
 https://dpweb1.dp.utexas.edu/nlogon/alumni-address/
 
 To unsubscribe send an email with UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject

 include YOUR FULL NAME in the body of the email. 