
 
 Anything of note from the FERC/ISO/Generator meetings?
 
   all public utilities must commit to an RTO or have their market based rates revoked
 
 
 Proposed Rule for Standards of Conduct
 
 Within the next few days, FERC will be issuing a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ("NOPR") on standards of conduct for transmission providers.  As explained at the meeting (we do not have a copy of the NOPR yet), the NOPR will propose to apply standards of conduct uniformly to electric transmission providers and gas pipeline transportation providers similarly.  The NOPR also proposes to broaden the definition of affiliate to include all energy affiliates, not just marketers.  The standards of conduct would not apply to RTOs and transmission providers who are members of an RTO may ask for an exemption from the standards.
 
 The NOPR will also likely include a proposal that the standards apply to transmission-owners' marketing affiliates that are serving native load customers.  As you know, the present standards do not apply to the affiliates of TOs that are only buying and selling power for native load customers.  As the interim general counsel noted, these marketing affiliates can go into the control room and have unrestricted interaction with the TO.  
 
 There was some discussion of whether it is necessary to apply the standards to affiliates serving native load.  Staff told the Commissioners that market participants have been complaining for years about this loop hole in the rules.  Pat Wood said they will include the proposal in the NOPR (Breathitt may not support), but if the industry does not support the proposal, FERC will pull it.  We of course will strongly support the proposal.
 
 Provision of Adequate Electrical Capacity (ICAP)
 
 Chairman Wood asked Staff to prepare a presentation on reserves and installed capacity requirements.  Wood noted that the Commission had to issue an order on ICAP in New England during their recess in August, and he is not that familiar with the issues.  Therefore, he asked Staff to prepare a presentation, which they made at the meeting this morning.  The presentation will be made public within the next couple of days.  In sum, Staff seems to believe that some type of ICAP requirement is needed for reliability.  
 
 After the presentation, Wood noted that the New England ICAP order has enough wiggle room to allow the Commission to change its mind once the commissioners better understand the issue.  Wood sees that there is a potential conflict between decentralized, competitive markets and the need for sufficient supply (without politically unacceptable, prolonged price spikes).  
 
 Commissioner Brownell (from the Pennsylvania PUC) has a better understanding of  ICAP and expressed concerns that ICAP may be an outdated tool that acts as a barrier to entry without any definable benefit to customers.  
 
 Realizing that there are many positions on this topic, Chairman Wood said he will publish the Staff report and ask for comments by October 17.  We will definitely submit comments on this and will include everyone in the drafting process.
 
 Sorry this is so long, but a lot happened today.  We will provide a summary of the market power discussion as soon as it is over.  Let us know if you have any questions.
 
 Sarah
