
 
 Governor wants to cut costs of power 
 Tough sell for Davis as suppliers balk 
 By Steve Geissinger
 SACRAMENTO BUREAU 
 SACRAMENTO  to finance the long-term contracts. 
 The standoff has pitted Davis and Democratic state Treasurer Phil Angelides against another of the state's most powerful Democrats, Senate leader John Burton of San Francisco, who sided with the Democratic-controlled PUC. 
 Burton has called "for Californians to be freed from egregious, unreasonable and expensive provisions contained in these contracts." 
 The deadlock is holding up a $12.5 billion bond sale intended not only to help fund California's future power costs but repay state coffers for the billions of dollars spent earlier this year on emergency, short-term electricity purchases. It would be the largest municipal debt sale in U.S. history. 
 Without the bond issue, a projected general fund deficit of up to $14 billion next year could grow to a staggering $20 billion-plus, forcing Draconian cuts in essential government services, according to state finance officials. 
 The projected deficit of up to $14 billion in California's annual budget of about $100 billion stems from lagging tax revenue in a cooling economy, further chilled by the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the East Coast. 
 Against the backdrop of fiscal woes, analysts said successful renegotiation of some long-term power contracts could conceivably wind up sparing Californians electricity rate hikes, tax increases or both. 
 But some analysts are pessimistic, like Wilson. The former governor is widely blamed for legislation that triggered the energy crisis, and yet he in turn blames Davis for not acting quickly enough to head off power woes. 
 The Western Power Trading Forum, a group representing suppliers and brokers, has made it clear generators will expect the state to give them something substantial in return for any changes in the pacts. Such incentives might include settling disputes over power buys or the state dropping lawsuits against suppliers. 
 "We're not going to say no. We'd certainly sit down at the table with them and say, 'Let's see, maybe we can do this, maybe we can do that,'" said Calpine's Cartwright. 
 If state officials simply broke some of their contracts, not only would penalties be "very, very severe," but also "they would have completely blown their credibility, and no one would negotiate with them," Cartwright said. 
 His comments coincided with reports that Calpine's third-quarter profits more than doubled, despite a sharp drop in short-term electricity prices in California, one of its main markets. Analysts said Calpine's performance can be largely attributed to its long-term contracts with the state. 
 Heller, one of the state's most vocal consumer advocates, said Davis "is right to look back at the environment in which these contracts were signed and demand that the power companies come to the table and renegotiate, or even throw out many of the contracts." 
 "Last spring," Heller said, "power companies had a gun to the governor's head and, with staff that already had conflicts of interest, the administration signed some terrible deals."