
 
 Les, thanks for the message, and congratulations!  I hope the fishing is good and that you get some rest. All the best.  Jim  
 
   remaining the
 same through December 2004.
 ?    The extension of the Low-Income Customer Assistance Program, which was
 expanded under Niagara Mohawk's existing regulatory agreement with the PSC,
 and the development of a special rate for eligible low-income customers.
 ?    The establishment of electricity choice educational programs targeted
 to customers and energy service companies.
 ?    Environmental benefits such as interconnection assistance for wind
 power sources, support for "green" power marketing, and the continued sale
 of surplus land for preservation.
      The agreement culminates five months of negotiations among Niagara
 
 Mohawk, National Grid, the Department of Public Service staff, and other
 
 parties including large industrial customers,
 
 energy service companies, and various state agencies.
 
       "This joint proposal continues the recent downward trend in Niagara
 
 Mohawk's delivery rates for businesses and provides additional rate and
 
 service options for those customers, all of which should enhance business
 
 expansion and economic development across Upstate New York," said Robert
 
 Loughney on behalf of Multiple Intervenors, a trade association
 
 representing the interests of the state's largest commercial and industrial
 
 employers.
 
      The proposed settlement is supported by two major national
 
 environmental groups: the Natural Resources Defense Council, and
 
 Environmental Defense.  It also is supported by the American Wind Energy
 
 Association and by Community Energy, a green power marketing company.
 
      "The merger agreement benefits the environment and the economy, by
 
 providing customers with an easy way to purchase renewable energy products
 
 on their electricity bill, and by stimulating a large new investment in
 
 wind energy generation in Upstate New York," said David Wooley, counsel for
 
 the four environmental interests.  "In this proposal, National Grid
 
 demonstrates that it intends to continue Niagara Mohawk's established
 
 record of responsible environmental stewardship."
 
      A leading advocacy group for low-income customers also supports the
 
 joint settlement proposal.
 
      "Specifically and positively addressed in this proposal are the needs
 
 of many customers who struggle to make ends meet," said Ben Wiles, an
 
 attorney for the Public Utility Law Project.  "The opportunity created by
 
 the merger of National Grid USA and Niagara Mohawk will result in a special
 
 reduced rate for as many as 60,000 eligible low-income customers.  It also
 
 will expand Niagara Mohawk's safety net program to allow more people to
 
 receive assistance."
 
      Among the other parties to sign the settlement was the International
 
 Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 97, which represents Niagara
 
 Mohawk's unionized work force.  In addition, the Distributed Generation
 
 Power Coalition, energy marketers, energy services companies, and regional
 
 economic development agencies support the settlement proposal.
 
      The companies have asked that the matter be considered at the PSC's
 
 Nov. 28 meeting.  The merger also is subject to Securities and Exchange
 
 Commission approval.
 
      Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc. is an investor-owned energy services
 
 company that provides electricity to more than 1.5 million customers across
 
 24,000 square miles of Upstate New York.  The company also delivers natural
 
 gas to more than 540,000 customers over 4,500 square miles of eastern,
 
 central, and northern New York.
 
      National Grid USA includes local electric companies Massachusetts
 
 Electric, Narragansett Electric, Granite State Electric, Nantucket
 
 Electric, and a substantial transmission business.  Its parent company,
 
 National Grid Group plc, builds, owns, and operates electric and
 
 telecommunications networks around the world.
 
 
 
 NOTE:  This release contains statements that constitute forward-looking
 information.  Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties
 and assumptions.  All of these forward-looking statements are based on
 estimates and assumptions made by the company's management which, although
 believed by the company's management to be reasonable, are inherently
 uncertain.  Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
 performance or results and involve certain risks and uncertainties.  Actual
 results or developments may differ materially from the forward-looking
 statements as a result of various factors.
 
 
                                    # # #
 
 
 
 
 
