
 
 
 
  walked to his seat at the
 front
 of the National Cathedral just three days after the two most impressive
 symbols
 of American capitalism and
  prosperity virtually evaporated, along with, perhaps, thousands of
 Americans.
  As he sat down next to his wife, immediately I knew that even if  his faith
 ever faltered, hers didn't. I have never seen a more
  peaceful  face than Laura Bush, whose eyes seemed as though they were
 already
 gazing at the final outcome . . . not just of this conflict, but of  her
 reward
 in
  Heaven itself. In this marriage, you indeed got two for the price of  one.
  The appropriate songs were sung, as one said, to in an almost
  unbearably emotional service. I, for one, broke down innumerable  times
 merely  listening on tape delay on the radio. How the man spoke without
 blubbering,
 I'll never know.
  Then came the defining moment of our generation. Some people  fondly recall
 their Woodstock days. Others mark with grim sadness  November 22, 1963, as
 the
 day America lost her innocence. But I firmly believe when the history of
 this
 time is written, it will be acknowledged by  friend  and foe alike that
 President George W. Bush came of age in that  cathedral
  and lifted a nation off its knees. It wasn't so much his words,
  though read a  decade later, they will indeed be as stirring as any. The
 conflict  would  end, he noted, "at a time of our choosing." It certainly
 wasn't
 his emotion.
  What had to have been one of the most stunning exhibitions of  self-control
 in
 presidential history, W was able to deliver his
  remarks without  losing either his resolve or his focus, or, more
 important,
 his  confidence.
  It was as if God's hand, which had guided him through that
  sliver-thin  election, now rested fully on him. His quiet confidence let
 our
 enemies know . . . and believe me, they know . . . that they made a grave
 miscalculation.
   Now, this same man who practiced his faith through a tough
  election, who steeled his convictions even more in a drawn-out  Florida
 battle,
 and  who never once gave in to the temptation to get in the gutter with  his
 foes (well, OK, maybe the "Clymer" comment is an exception), this  same
  man now lifted the weight of the world and the responsibility of a
 generation
 and put it on his modest shoulders as though it were  another unpleasant
 duty.
  As he walked back to his seat, the camera angle was appropriate.
  He was virtually alone in the scene, alone in that massive place of  God,
 just
 him and the Lord. But that's the way it's always been in his  life
 recently. In
 that brief time it took him to return to his seat, I  believe he  heard
 words to
 the effect of, "You can do this, George. I am with  you always.
  And you can do this well, because I am going before you. And don't  worry
 about the weight. I've got it." And I saw in his eyes a quiet
 acknowledgment.
  "I know.  Thank you, Lord."
   Back at his seat, when W sat down, George H. W. Bush reached  over and
 took
 his son's hand. The elder Bush always struck me as a  religious  man, but
 not
 someone who shared his life on a daily basis with the  Lord.
  George H. W.  treats the Father like a respected uncle, visiting him  on
 appropriate holidays and knowing the relationship is real, but not
 constant.
  Anyway, I believe that in that fatherly squeeze George H. W. said,  "I wish
 I
 could do this for you, son, but I can't. You have to do this on your  own."
 W
 squeezed  back and gave him that look of peace that Laura had kept
 throughout.
  It said, "I don't have to do it alone, dad. I've got help."
 
