
 
 Hi
 
 THought you might get a kick from this.  Hope you made it home smoothly and spent the weekend playing soccer.  Talk to you soon.
 
 
 Elizabeth Sager
 713-853-6349
 
  a far cry from the $500 per megawatt-hour the state was frequently paying on the spot market at the time.
 
 But by summer, the wild energy market stabilized and prices dropped. California suddenly found itself paying more under the long-term contracts than the $15-to-$30 per megawatt-hour offered on the spot market.
 
 "Look at the context in which the state was entering into these contracts. They were pretty much desperate," said Mike Florio, senior attorney for the Utility Reform Network in San Francisco.
 
 "We were talking about windfall profits, taxes and seizing power plants, and I think the generators started putting in their contracts anything they could think of to keep the state from undoing the deal once things calmed down, which they have."
 
 Michael J. Niggli, president of Sempra Energy Resources, said the clauses provided "the kind of reassurance that allows the financial community to say we're willing to invest in California."
 
 "It's not that we're superseding anything, frankly, it's that we've said we don't want the party we've done the transaction with to try to derail it," Niggli said.
 
 He acknowledged that the contract clause cannot prevent the state from asking for federal review.
 
 "The question becomes, 'Will FERC accept that or consider that?' " he said. "And then, 'Do we consider that a breach of the contract in any way shape or form?' "
 
 Bowen and Freeman predicted that the clauses would not stand up to court scrutiny. "Frankly, I wasn't too concerned about the clause," Freeman said. "I don't think it's enforceable."
 
 Enforceable or not, Bowen said, the clauses would complicate any state efforts to seek FERC review.
 
 "The very fact that they were able to get that kind of language in the contracts tells you it wasn't an evenhanded situation," she said. "I believe the state in negotiating the contracts did the best possible job it could under the circumstances, but that doesn't excuse [officials] from the responsibility of trying to improve the situation now." 
 For information about reprinting this article, go to <http://www.lats.com/rights/register.htm> 
 
 	
