
 
 Did you attend?  Did we file comments?  
 
 Jim
 
  

   Cc:	Gary Alexander; Chantel Ornstein
  
 
  
 The Maryland Public Service Commission has issued a notice requesting  comments on issues surrounding the Northeast RTO. These comments are due  Thursday, September 27th. I have gotten an extension until Monday,  October 1st for filing. 
 The Maryland, D.C., Virginia and Delaware Commissions have all petitioned  FERC to rehear its July 12th Order on the RTO. FERC has granted  rehearing and anticipates issuing its Order on Rehearing on October  31st. 
 The Maryland Commission will be holding a legislative hearing on Wednesday,  October 3rd at 11:00 a.m. and Thursday, October 4th at  10:00 a.m. The parties have been asked to file comments on the following  issues:
 1. Cost Benefit Analysis.
 2. Potential energy market savings and the distribution of those benefits  through the three ISO regions.
 3. Cost of developing new computer programs and systems along with the risks  associated with implementation of new systems and business rules.
 4. Specific examples of successful and unsuccessful introductions of new  energy markets, software, and business rules.
 5. Affect on reliability from changing business rules.
 6. Impact on transmission rates from uniform transmission pricing.
 7. Cost of infrastructure development and the time frame required for  successful infrastructure transformation.
 8. Information on current energy flows between regions.
 9. Guidelines to be used to identify and implement best practices. 
 10. Examples of successful and unsuccessful mergers between energy management  organizations.
 This Commission notice is dated September 20th. It was not  e-mailed or faxed to any party and I have yet to receive a copy via mail. I  received a copy of this notice from the Executive Director TODAY while I was  attending a hearing before the Commission.
 Please contact me immediately if you would like to submit comments, and I  strongly urge that we do.
 I will be in hearings most of tomorrow morning, so please send me an e-mail  as well as leave me a voice mail, either at the office or on my cell phone.
 Office: 410-974-9000
 Cell: 410-371-6919
 CHANTEL
 
  - Sandie  Turner.vcf << File: Sandie  Turner.vcf >> 