
 


  Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X-
 X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Platter, Phillip\Sent Items
 X-Origin: PLATTER-P
 X-FileName: phillip platter 6-26-02.PST
 
 solid perspective on current situation.
 by raping once again the people they've
 been raping all this time.
 
 So what else is there? What can be done, then? Let me now speak with
 true fear and trembling. The only way to get Bin Laden is to go in
 there with ground troops. When people speak of "having the belly to do
 what needs to be done" they're thinking in terms of having the belly to
 kill as many as needed. Having the belly to overcome any moral qualms
 about killing innocent people. Let's pull our heads out of the sand.
 What's actually on the table is Americans dying. And not just because
 some Americans would die fighting their way through Afghanistan to Bin
 Laden's hideout. It's much bigger than that folks. Because to get any
 troops to Afghanistan, we'd have to go through Pakistan. Would they let
 us? Not likely. The conquest of Pakistan would have to be first. Will
 other Muslim nations just stand by?
 
 You see where I'm going. We're flirting with a world war between
 Islam and the West. And guess what: that's Bin Laden's program. That's
 exactly what he wants. That's why he did this. Read his speeches and 
 statements. It's all right there. He really believes Islam would beat
 the west. It might seem ridiculous, but he figures if he can polarize
 the world into Islam and the West, he's got a billion soldiers. If the
 west wreaks a holocaust in those lands, that's a billion people with
 nothing left to lose, that's even better from Bin Laden's point of
 view. He's probably wrong, in the end the west would win, whatever that
 would mean, but the war would last for years and millions would die,
 not just theirs but ours. Who has the belly for that?
 
 Bin Laden does. Anyone else?
 
 Tamim Ansary
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 Terrorist Attacks on U.S. - How can you help? 
 Donate cash, emergency relief information in Yahoo! News <http://rd.yahoo.com/mail_us/tag/?http://dailynews.yahoo.com/fc/US/Emergency_Information/> . 