
 
 I'm running out the door to go drinking with the boys at front porch, right next to my apartment.  
 
 I don't think your dad would like me so much.  Will explain later.
 
 Sorry about your day.  Maybe you can find some happiness in the book of prayers.  Maybe you can find more happiness in the money.
 
 Talk to you later.
 
  

    
 Sure, just remind me. It should cut down on your "depends" expenses as
 well...
 
 Today. Definitely in the top 10 as far as crappy days go. Started out great.
 Breakfast with Dad was nice (LePeep by my house). He was very happy I broke
 up with the energy guy. Wasn't too keen on him being Jewish. Dad's pretty
 religious in his elder years. Gave me a book of prayers and money....That's

 are finishing up and asks me if I knew anything about a meeting I was
 supposed to be working for NP's (nurse practitioners) at the Westin and I'm
 like "Uh, No...never got the message". Well, never got the message because
 she never sent it. Bottom line, I had to blow off all my plans(I was
 actually planning on calling on doctors today and getting ready for my
 monday program) and go work this meeting which isn't that big of deal. We
 just stand around at display tables and answer questions from the
 doctors/NP's. I was there for and hour and then went to lunch. I came back
 for an hour and have to do some things here. The good thing about my boss is
 she's very "hand's off". She stays out of your business unless you call her
 for something. She has a life outside of this job which is rare for
 managers. The bad thing is she can be "flighty" sometimes and forgets to
 send things on or lets them pile up and we get the messages a week late
 (which is probably what happened in this case)
 
 Anyway, sorry about all the griping but I was on a roll!!
 
 Hope your day has been good. You workin' out or goin' out after work?
 Decisions. Decisions. Your gym sounds cool. Laughed at the physique comment.
 So something I would have said.
 
 Later,
 
 d
 
 


 > >
 >P.S. - Can you bring me some free samples of the bladder control
 >medicine.  It'll save me some money.
 >
 >
 >
 
 

 Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp