
 
 thanks
 
  

    
 
 Christie, below is the message I sent to Tom. Attached are the objections. I'll call you Tuesday morning to see where things stand on this.

 
 Tom, the PaPUC has recently assessed gas marketers for the regulatory expenses for the PUC, the OCA and the OSBA. Enron Energy Services' assessment for all three is $147,277.
 
 Unless you tell us to the contrary, we assume that you want us to file objections to the assessments. Attached are objections that we have prepared. Can you please fax us a copy of the assessment notice Enron received? We believe the assesments may have been received around 8/19-8/21.
 
 Objections must be filed within fifteen (15) days of receipt of the assessment notice.  The 15-day objection period begins on the date the certified mail return receipt is signed.  If the 15th day falls on a weekend or a legal holiday, the last date for filing is extended to the next business day.
 
 The statutes require the assessments to be paid within 30 days of receipt, even though objections are filed.  The payments must be made "under protest" in order to be refunded under the statutory procedure, which we believe is inadequate.
 
 We are attempting to avoid the payment obligation thru a preliminary injunction request in Commonwealth Court, but we have no assurance that the court will act before the 30th day for payment.  If not, the assessment must be paid under protest.  If necessary, we will provide a cover letter for the protest payment to the PUC.
 
 Please call me if you have any questions or comments. Thanks.
 
 
 Kevin J. Moody, Esq.
 Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen LLP
 212 Locust Street, Suite 300
 Harrisburg, PA  17101
 (717) 237-7187
 (717) 237-7161 (fax)
 
 This electronic message contains information from the law firm of Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen LLP that may be privileged and confidential.  The information is intended to be for the use of the addressee only.  If you are not the addressee, note that any disclosure, copy, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited.
 
 
 
