
 
 FYI.  The Times finally ran the story.  Should add to Davis' migraines.  Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.  The pressure on the contracts is likely to heat up.
 Best,
 Jeff
 8 State Power Contracts Seen as Bad Deals
 Energy: The long-term pacts require the purchase of too much electricity at too high a price for too long, a study finds. Immediate renegotiation is urged.
 By VIRGINIA ELLIS and NANCY VOGEL
 Times Staff Writers
 
 September 30 2001
 
 SACRAMENTO after next summer. 
 
 Those large power buys will come when the state is expected to have energy surpluses because of increasing supply and a decline in demand driven by higher prices. 
 
 "The state has agreed to buy too much power, often for too long a period, at too high a price, and much of this power is simply too dirty," said V. John White, executive director of the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies. "To make matters worse, almost all of these contracts are dependent on one price-volatile fuel: natural gas." 
 
 When the state began negotiating contracts in January, electricity prices averaged $177 per megawatt-hour and sometimes spiked higher than $1,000 per megawatt-hour. By June, the average price had fallen below $100. Lately, prices hover around $30 per megawatt-hour, similar to the cost California enjoyed before prices went haywire. 
 
 Marcus was particularly critical of one element of the Pacificorp contract: a clause that prevents the state from taking advantage of the plummeting price of natural gas until after 2003. The price of natural gas, the main fuel used to run power plants in California, began to jump last fall but has plummeted since spring. 
 
 Another weakness of the contracts, Marcus said, is that they lock the state into further dependence on gas. For the prices California will pay under these pacts, residents could have made a greater investment in power generated by the sun, wind or other renewable sources for the same price or cheaper, he said. 
 
 Windmills and solar panels would help buffer against natural gas price spikes, he said. Renewable sources of power also don't release air pollution and gases that contribute to global warming, he added. 
 
 "I'm paying to buy something that really isn't the right thing to buy," Marcus said. 
 
 "I don't want to pay Williams $69 a megawatt-hour to generate lots of inefficient gas-fired power that I have to take that's going to increase global warming and increase pollution in the South Coast Air Basin." 