
 
 
 We need a statement that Blue Ridge is a [coop established under ___ law (ask Rahil)], and has the authority to bind the members listed on attachment A.
  
    Cc:	Emmons, Suzette
  Importance:	High
 
 Kathleen,
 
 As discussed, here're the details surrounding our deal discussions with Blue Ridge Power Agency.  To date, we've had a preliminary meeting with them, in which they expressed interest in Enron serving their Members' load on an "All Requirements" basis (similar to our potential deal with CVEC).  Blue Ridge Members are:
 
 Cities of Bedford, Bristol, Danville, Martinsville, Radford, Salem
 Towns of Richlands, Virginia Tech
 Central Virginia Co-Op (CVEC) & Craig-Botetourt Electric Co-Op
 
 Following our meeting with Blue Ridge, they have sent us some load data and have chatted with us re. the types of deal-structures they would prefer.  We are expected to provide them with an indicative feedback on potential structures and prices by tomorrow (10/23/01).
 
 Ideally, I'd like for the information we provide them (and hence to their consultants and their members) to be protected by the CA.  As and when a deal comes to fruition, we will probably be signing contracts with each one of the members individually.
 
 Thanks again for your help.  Feel free to give me a call if you have any further questions.
 
 Regards,
 Rahil
 Ext. 3-3206
 
 
 Name/Address:
 Blue Ridge Power Agency
 5656 US Hwy. 29,
 Suite B-1,
 Blairs, VA 24527
 USA
 
 Phone:
 (434) 836-8375
 
 Representative Name:
 Duane Dahlquist
 General Manager
 
 Term of Confidentiality:
 October 22, 2001 - October 21, 2002 (or, other standard timelines)
 
 Potential Deal Structure:
 Enron will sell to the members of Blue Ridge, firm, fixed price energy to meet its load obligation.  Energy will be delivered at the Borders of AEP, Cinergy, and VEPCO systems, and Blue Ridge's existing transmission agreements will be used to deliver the energy.
 
 Enron will be responsible for all the ancillary and load following services
 Enron will be charging a fixed price per MWh to reflect the energy and services provided to Blue Ridge
 Enron will have access to Blue Ridge's peak-shaving and demand side resources to serve Blue Ridge's load
