
 
 Yesterday, we reached agreement with the Senate regarding the terms and conditions under which the company would provide information to Senator Dunn's committee investigating wholesale price spikes.
 In return, Dunn agreed to have is committee formally withdraw all contempt actions against Enron.
 This morning, Dunn convened his committee and the committee formally withdrew the contempt actions.
 A story related to the deal is attached.
 If you have any questions, just let me know.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
   Enron Corp. signed a confidentiality agreement late Thursday that should allow for the release of thousands of documents to aid in a Senate investigation into the California electricity market. 
 The compromise apparently ends six months of stalled negotiations. 
 At stake for Enron was a move to hold the company in contempt and start assessing millions of dollars in fines. 
 The Senate Rules Committee on Thursday morning had delayed for a day a vote to consider asking the full Senate to hold Enron in contempt because the company has not turned over the subpoenaed documents. 
 While delaying the decision, Senate Leader John Burton, D-San Francisco, ordered attorneys from the Legislative Counsel of California, a Senate committee investigating electricity price gouging and Enron into a room to work out an agreement that would protect the security of confidential documents that contain trade secrets. 
 "Let's hope cooler minds prevail," said Rules Committee member Sen. Ross Johnson, R-Irvine, as the committee members moved to a conference room for a daylong meeting. 
 The contempt proceedings, for now, have been dropped, said Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Ana, who chairs the Senate committee investigating price gouging and possible collusion in the electricity market. 
 Enron officials did not return calls seeking comment on the agreement late Thursday. 
 The state Senate today is also expected to consider a resolution that would order the nation's two largest public-employee pension funds to sell off stock of any company that is found in contempt by the Legislature. 
 The Legislative Counsel of California is recommending the action. 
 "It is not good public policy to hold stock in companies in contempt of the California Legislature and therefore in contempt of the people of California," said Dunn, who asked for the counsel's review and recommendation. 
 
 
 Enron agrees to turn over documents to Senate investigators 
 By Jennifer Coleman
 ASSOCIATED PRESS 
 September 13, 2001 
 SACRAMENTO - Enron Corp. agreed Thursday to release company documents to a Senate committee investigating possible price manipulation, ending the committee's quest to cite the energy company for contempt for not complying with a subpoena. 
 The Senate Rules Committee heard arguments from Enron and the Senate Select Committee to Investigate Price Manipulation of the Wholesale Energy Market over whether the energy company should be found in contempt. 
 In June, the select committee subpoenaed Enron files as part of its investigation into record-high prices in the state's wholesale electricity market. Enron sued to quash the subpoena, a motion a judge rejected. 
 The judge agreed, however, that Enron was entitled to a protective order for documents revealing sensitive trading and financial information. 
 Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Ana, chairman of the select committee, said late Thursday that Enron agreed to the same confidentiality agreement accepted by several other generators. With that agreement, Dunn said, the committee would withdraw a report that recommended Enron be found in contempt. 
 He said he expects documents to be transferred immediately. 
 Dunn had argued the subpoena also covered nonconfidential documents, and since the energy company also refused to release those papers to the committee, it was in contempt. 
 He asked Sen. John Burton, D-San Francisco, chairman of the rules committee, to approve fines against Enron for each day they didn't comply with the subpoena. The daily fines would start at $1,000, doubling each day for 10 days. Then the company would be fined $1 million a day. 
 Enron lawyer Michael Kirby said the company had put 49,000 nonconfidential documents in a depository in Sacramento so committee investigators could review them. 
 But Dennis Murphy, a lawyer for the select committee, said Enron didn't tell investigators where the depository was located. The committee discovered the address in documents filed by Enron for the court case, he said. 
 "We've been trying to get into the depository for a week. They have not allowed our people in there to verify what documents are in there," he said. 
 Kirby disputed that, and blamed the committee for delays in turning over the balance of the documents. The two parties haven't met since the judge ordered the protective order, and Kirby said it was the committee that refused to work out the order's details. 
 Dunn said the law requires Enron to produce the documents before it was entitled to a protective order. 
 Sen. Ross Johnson, R-Irvine, said Dunn's push to have Enron found in contempt "smacks at this point of Enron being punished for exercising their right to go to court." 
 A contempt report on Reliant Energy has also been sent to the Senate. A contempt finding against Mirant Corp. was later reversed when the company opened a document depository in Sacramento for the committee's investigators. 
 If the full Senate imposes sanctions against Reliant or Enron, it will be the first time since 1929, when the Senate voted to jail reluctant witnesses during a committee investigation of price fixing and price gouging involving cement sales to the state. 