
 
 I am only concerned about moving IT types into our world that were previously in Nick's world if the job responsibilities move with them.   Sounds like this is not the case, so I am OK.
  
  
    Cc: 
  
 
 
 The implementation of Operator Qualification has stretched the resources of the Technical Training Group.  Operator Qualification will also require future enhancements to the Skill Based Pay and Training Systems. Currently, I'm the only one in the group that understands relational databases well enough  to plan for system enhancements or troubleshoot data problems.  Data integrity and accuracy will be critical in managing the Operator Qualification program.
 
 To solve this problem, I suggested that we fill our vacancy with an Administration Specialist that has a strong background in system solutions.
 
 Below I've outlined a few of the responsibilities of the Administration Specialist.      
 
 1.      Create plans for the future development of the Skill Based Pay, Training, and Operator Qualification systems, which will maximize the system's capabilities and support team objectives. 
 
 2.      Work with management, EH&S, Pipeline Safety, and HR to understand their needs and develop effective system solutions.
 
 3.      Ensure data integrity and accuracy in the Skill Based Pay, Training, and Operator Qualification systems. 
 4.      Maximize the interface of the Training systems with other related employee information systems (SAP, Envision, Contracts DB, MP5, etc.); 
 
 5.      Manage the self-service capabilities in order to empower the organization to access the Skill Based Pay, Training, and Operator Qualification information directly; 
 
 6.      Develop reports, which transform Skill Based Pay and Training data into information, upon which management can base strategic decisions and improve operational efficiency. 
 
 7.      Stay abreast of related technology and recommend future system enhancements, training software purchases, and/or system upgrades.
 
 8.      Provide audio, audio visual and digital graphics support for the development of web based multi-media training modules.
 
 I have already conducted interviews and have worked with Dan Batista to prepare an offer.  I am ready to conclude this offer and fill this vacancy.
 
 Please approve and forward to Dan Batista.
 
 Thanks,