
 
 I was wondering where you were.  I've got tickets to the Broncos' game on Sunday, would you want to go?  Also, I need to get back to working on buying gas delivered off the Jonah system, so can we talk about delivery points and rates?
 
 

    
 
 
 I was in Wyoming Monday/Tuesday of this week.  Just got your messages.
 Toured the Jonah Field (essentially four big compressor stations plus the
 JT plant) and the Opal plant.  It was very cool to see everything and meet
 some of the operations people out there.  They are fun to hang out with.
 
 As for my weekend, it was good.  I had a group of friends over Saturday
 night.  I cooked for everyone and we had margaritas.  I made homemade
 salsa, chicken enchiladas, a salad and then creme brulee for desert.  I
 rarely cook, so I know two of my friends just came out of curiosity.
 Sunday I did yard work then went on a bike ride at the park with my friend
 Rene.  We only rode about 17 miles, but I hadn't been on my bike in quite
 awhile and I think I felt every single mile.
 Talk to you soon.
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                     
                     "Lucci, Paul                                                                                    


                     enron.com>                                                                                                                                 
                     11/13/01 02:42                                                                                  
                     PM                                                                                              
                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                     
 
 
 
 
 Hey, where are you?  Did you get my last email?
 
 Paul
 
 
 
 
 
