
 
 Are we making sure everything is done on our end to liquidate and manage the EES retail positions effective 1/1/02.
 
  
    Cc:	Wagner, Joseph; Misra, Narsimha; Day, Smith L.; Merola, Jeff; Bird, Richard
  
 Changes from last week in red.
 
 Retail load
 About 18 MW peak, 17 MW off-peak. 
 October 4th - First account was switched. 
 By November 6th - Remaining accounts will be switched
 Issue - Some Lockheed Martin accounts that aren't in the batch.
 Issue - Trying to get positions correctly reflected in positions report - Jeff Jackson
 Issue - Data we are getting from RPS is incorrect.
 
 Interface with EWS Wholesale
 To date - Met with EPMI and discussed management (when will position be transferred? how? at what price?) of retail position. Tom May to discuss with Rogers. 
 Issue - How will we pass through intrazonal congestion costs? This isn't an issue for the pilot, but will be an issue on 1/1/2002.
 
 Intramonth book development
 November 1 - Expect to have volume management/reporting capability. 
 November 1 - Expect to have MTM calculations
 ???- Expect to have all other reporting capabilities functioning. Will meet with Richard Bird this week to develop a new timeline.
 
 Working with CSC to develop a method to obtain actual customer usage on a timely basis.
 
 Load forecasting
 Issue - There is a significant difference (at least in % terms) between the Packaged Ice position per the positions report and Frazier's forecast. Appears the majority of this difference is due to some Packaged Ice accounts being booked more than once.
 Issue - Forecasting by zone (vs. at the account level) may lead to inaccuracies in P&L reporting.
 
 ?	Customer switching process
 Jeff Merola to determine roles and responsibilities
 
 ?	Site profile
 Site profile desk has processed the pilot program deals. 
 Met with the desk to discuss the other (non-pilot program) deals that we expect to switch 1/1/202. 
 
 Thanks, 
 Preston Ochsner
 Commodity Risk Management
 Enron Wholesale Services
 713-345-3341