
 
 I concur with your view .
 
 No to all of them
 
 Louise
 
  

   Cc:	Dennis Crum (E-mail)
  
 Greg:
 
 I need your guidance regarding a few issues currently outstanding with respect to the True Quote / EnronOnline relationship.  Practically speaking, Enron's internal decisions will determine the fate of True Quote in its current form.  I will outline the issues below and await your response.
 
 We are closing in on a deal that will connect DynegyDirect to the True Quote platform.  We believe True Quote would have a strong competitive advantage against ICE if we have a commitment from Enron and DynegyDirect.  We are hestitant to move forward with Dynegy until we have a complete understanding of our relationship with Enron.
 
 True Quote has made a proposal to EnronOnline that would create a revenue stream to Enron in return for a larger product commitment from Enron.  We are waiting on a response from Enron. 
 
 True Quote needs the ability for brokers to transact with Enron through the True Quote interface.  We have agreed to the same terms and conditions as the Broker-Client product offering.  We are waiting on feedback from Enron.
 
 We are confident True Quote would be greatly successful if we could execute the strategies outlined above.  We want to have a win-win relationship with Enron that allows us to shape the marketplace and compete aggressively against ICE. Due to the critical nature of these discussions and the associated timing, I chose to write you and ask for your guidance.  Right now, we need to know which direction Enron plans to take.  Regardless of the direction, our time is running short.  It is with the greatest respect for the way we began this relationship, that I ask you to help us evaluate this opportunity.
 
 Should you wish to discuss these matters further, please feel free to contact me at your earliest convenience.  I can be reached at virtually any time via my cell phone at 502-558-2568. 
   
 Best regards,
 Chris
 

 Christopher S. Edmonds
 Chief Operating Officer
 True Quote LLC
 9931 Corporate Campus Drive
 Suite 2400
 Louisville, KY  40223
 
 Phone:  502-212-4903
 Fax:      502-212-4907
 

 url:        <<http://www.truequote.com/>>
 
