
 
 In another surprise move, the PUC approved an Edison bailout today on a 5-0 vote.  This item was not on the Commission's agenda other than as a placeholder regarding "litigation."  We do not have copies of the agreement but we just talked to Edison's SVP of Regulatory Affairs and here's a summary:
 
 The Commission will keep current rates in place through 2003
 Any "overcollection" resulting from keeping current rates in place will go to paying off $3.3 B in Edison's past due accounts (the so-called "undercollection")
 If Edison collects the $3.3B prior to 2003, then rates can change
 If Edison has not collected the $3.3 B by the end of 2003, the PUC will create a dedicated rate component on all bills to collect the remainder.  Half the remainder will be collected in 2004 and the other half in 2005.
 Any refunds received from litigation against suppliers will go to reducing the $3.3 B undercollection.
 Edison can keep 10% of any refunds received after the $3.3B is paid off.
 Edison cannot pay any dividends during the time that it is using rates to pay off the $3.3B.
 Edison can apply to the PUC for approval to hedge gas price risk.
 Edison will be protected from any increases in DWR contract costs (i.e., if DWR's costs go up, the PUC will raise rates rather than take it out of Edison's rates)
 The PUC will not fine Edison during this period if Edison's capital structure varies from the PUC-approved capital structure
 Edison must drop its lawsuits against the PUC regarding 1) the "filed rate doctrine" and 2) the so-called "TURN" accounting method, which effectively kept the rate freeze in place.
 Edison agrees to "cooperate" with the Attorney General and the PUC in all litigation against suppliers.
 The PUC decision could likely nullify the need for the "special" session that the Governor recently announced
 
 We will report back with additional details as soon as we get them.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 
  argue that the "dedicated rate component" is a signficantly more efficient way to raise the debt California needs to plug the hole in its budget.
 The bill is silent, however, on how California would pay for the DWR contracts, and the bill's opponents claim that the power suppliers will sue as a result.
 All four PUC commissioners who voted against the Davis rate agreement today urged Davis to sign the bill.  The left-right coalition (from Nader types to oil companies) is also working hard to get Davis to sign it.
 Davis has said that he will veto the bill on the advice of the Treasurer and bond counsel.
 Given today's vote, however, Davis may have no alternative than to sign the bill if he wants to get the bonds issued and the state budget repaid.
 
 Update on Edison Bailout
 Still appears that chances are very small that Edison and Davis will succeed in getting the Legislature to vote for an Edison bailout when it returns for another "special" session next Tuesday.
 
 If you have any questions, just let us know.
 
 Best,
 Jeff