
 
 
 
 
 Paul Quilkey
 28-09-99 08:52 PM

  
  
 28Sep1999 AUSTRALIA: Computers - Power supplier seeks vital spark on net. 
 By Mandy Bryan.
 e-Strategy
 
 As electricity retailers prepare for deregulation, Ergon Energy chief Kim 
 Griffith is looking to the internet for competitive advantage.
 Around this time next year, NSW and Victorian consumers will be able to 
 choose their own electricity suppliers, ushering in a period of massive 
 change for Australia's 30 electricity retailers.
 Among them will be Queensland's Ergon Energy, which now services 550,000 
 customers and earns 50 per cent of its revenue from the consumer market.
 Ergon chief executive Kim Griffith has chosen to make the internet a key part 
 of his survival plan as he jostles for mind share.
 "There really isn't an established way of doing this because electricity has 
 always been a monopoly and suddenly 10 million contestible customers will 
 appear in an industry that is probably turning over $10 billion in sales a 
 year," he says.
 While studies show Australian utilities are lagging behind overseas 
 counterparts in moving operations online, Ergon Energy is considered to be at 
 the forefront of internet adoption by an Australian utility.
 Ergon's website allows customers to connect and disconnect their electricity 
 service and submit complaints and enquiries.
 "If you look at electricity retail, it is fundamentally an information-based 
 business and we will survive based on the information we can gather about 
 customers," says Griffith.
 He also hopes that by 2001 customers will also be able to pay their bills and 
 select from more flexible pricing billing arrangements, as well as buy 
 products and services online.
 "The internet is an obvious way of doing business because it also allows you 
 to increase interaction with customers at an appropriate cost. We are now 
 selling a commodity with low margins, so a cost-effective channel to market 
 is key."
 The $3 to $4 cost of over-the-counter transactions is more than 10 times the 
 cost of an internet transaction, Griffith says.
 As electricity margins shrink, he says Ergon will increasingly diversify into 
 non-electricity and electricity-related services and products.
 "We are looking to add value and differentiate in areas other than price. We 
 are releasing a number of products into our domestic market related to 
 electricity and electricity consumption such as energy-efficient light 
 bulbs," he says.
 "The next big challenge I've put to my people is to put significant product 
 on to the site and to generate real revenue."
 But he acknowledges that winning in this market is not as simple as being 
 first on the web.
 Ergon faces competition not only from traditional electricity retailers but 
 also nimble virtual electricity brokers such as Exco Energy (www.exco.com.au) 
 and possibly banks and supermarkets. Woolworths, for instance, has flagged an 
 interest in electricity retailing.
 Yet Griffith believes that these same organisations also present 
 opportunities to utilities given the reach of their established customer 
 bases.
 "If you look at electricity, and particularly the mass market, there really 
 isn't a channel to market," Griffith says. "In the future, companies will be 
 out there trying to create national brands as well as looking to alliances 
 with established brands and channels to markets."
 In addition to seeking such alliances, Ergon is building up its own customer 
 database to hold and analyse the information it gathers from its website.
 "Each time a customer hits our website, we can gather more information and 
 continue to build business based on that information."
 For the time being, though, the major challenge lies in drawing people to its 
 site.
 "We are offering a number of freebies on our site to get people used to 
 visiting it," he says.
 Ergon also has comprehensive educational information on its site relevant to 
 the school curriculum which it is building up into a full virtual power 
 station tour.
 "If we want people to keep visiting, we have to keep increasing the value of 
 the site to existing and potential customers," Griffith says.
 "There are two groups, the ones that will not want to change suppliers in 
 2001 and those that do, and they are the people who will be on board with 
 technology."
 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited 1999. Not available for 
 re-dissemination. 
 
 Sources:AUSTRALIAN FINANCIAL REVIEW 28/09/1999 P29 
 
 
 
 
