
 
  only 1.3 million shares
 traded.  Yesterday, DH gave us a nice $2+ pop on 2 million
 shares (2 million average).  70,000 shares traded at the
 close yesterday at a price of $63, lending some support at
 this price.  No news this week.  Look for small rises to
 continue if the market cooperates.  1189 institutions own
 89.5% of the 395 million shares in float leaving about 40
 million shares in daily float to trade.  Translation:  not
 many sellers; extra volume will tend to goose the price.
 Dips are buyable on a reversal.  DH is a more conservative
 play.
 
 ANF $73.00 -0.75 (+3.25)  After the $4.19 run it made on
 Monday and Tuesday, ANF was due for some profit taking.
 Wednesday, it lost $0.19 to humor us.  Thursday, ANF
 teeter-tottered back and forth between green and red for most
 of the day but then finally decided to finish negative.
 ANF seems to be consolidating before resuming its course.
 Just to be sure, wait for ANF to show upward movement again
 before initiating new positions.
 
 SEPR $111.75 +9.50 (+12.25)  Geez, when we initiated coverage
 of this pharmaceutical company on Tuesday, we planned on
 seeing the stock gradually increase.  Instead, the stock
 pleasantly surprised us by spiking up +$11.25 during Thursday
 trading.  It even broke above the new 12 month price target
 of $112 set by BancBoston Robertson just last Friday.  However,
 it couldn't hold on and finished the day at $111.75.  The
 uphill spurt may in part be due to news of improved sales of
 Eli Lilly's depression drug named Prozac.  Lilly and Sepracor
 are currently working on an improved version of Prozac (which
 loses its patent protection sometime after 2001).  Set your
 stop losses tight to prepare for any subsequent profit taking.
 
 
 
 
 
 This newsletter is a publication dedicated to the education
 of options traders. The newsletter is an information service
 only. The information provided herein is not to be construed
 as an offer to buy or sell securities of any kind. The
 newsletter picks are not to be considered a recommendation
 of any stock or option but an information resource to aid the
 investor in making an informed decision regarding trading in
 options. It is possible at this or some subsequent date, the
 editor and staff of The Option Investor Newsletter may own,
 buy or sell securities presented. All investors should consult
 a qualified professional before trading in any security. The
 information provided has been obtained from sources deemed
 reliable but is not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness.
 The newsletter staff makes every effort to provide timely
 information to its subscribers but cannot guarantee specific
 delivery times due to factors beyond our control.
 
 
