
 
 Pavel,
 
 A commentary on IMF policy with respect to Russia and other countries.
 Stiglitz is a very bright person and I agree completely with
 his points. Privately, he is even more outspoken.
 
 Vince
 
 
  had not produced the intended results and
      indeed had left many people worse off.
 
      "Stiglitz has been a very strong advocate for the poor and the
      excluded, and he's been one of the best things in the World Bank in
      the last decade," said Seth Amgott, a spokesman for Oxfam, which
      promotes poverty-fighting policies. "He's also been very pointed
      and insightful in discussing the role of the IMF. We're not used to
      that kind of candor."
 
      Stiglitz won few friends among economists and policy makers at the
      Treasury Department and the monetary fund. But his message was
      greeted enthusiastically in poor countries, and he said he was
      leaving the bank feeling that he had helped to stimulate a more
      vigorous debate about the policy prescriptions that wealthy nations
      impose on developing countries.
 
      "On some of the specific issues, there has emerged really a broad
      consensus behind the views I took," Stiglitz said.
 
      "There's a recognition that policies in East Asia were excessively
      contractionary on the fiscal side," he continued. "There's a
      recognition that capital market liberalization, in the absence of
      adequate regulatory structures, exposes countries to much higher
      risks. And on the debate about economies in transition, there's a
      general consensus that the issues I've been raising are the right
      issues, and that while no one has the answers, we're not going to
      get answers until we're willing to ask the questions."
 
      Stiglitz had told friends recently that he intended to leave, and
      he informed Wolfensohn Wednesday morning of his decision.
      Wolfensohn said Stiglitz would continue to act as an adviser to him
      and Stiglitz would lead the search for a new chief economist.
 
      Ms. Anstey, the bank's spokeswoman, said that asking Stiglitz to
      head the search committee was a signal of the institution's
      "intention to select someone who will continue the
      Wolfensohn-Stiglitz agenda" of focusing more on the needs of poor
      countries and less on more orthodox policies developed in
      Washington.
 
      Stiglitz said his approach was built around two basic themes:
      giving more of a voice to poor nations in setting policy and
      recognizing the crucial role that government must play in economic
      development.
 
      "We are rebalancing our thinking about the role of the state,"
      Stiglitz said. "Some of the failures, like in East Asia, involve
      cases where government did too little, like in financial
      regulation, rather than too much."
