
 
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	

                           01/14/99 09:11 PM
 	
 


   
 
 
 Welcome to the Options Investor Newsletter.
 
 Your two week free trial will begin with the:
 
 Sunday's  January 17th  issue of the Options Newsletter.
 
 Go to     http://www.optioninvestor.com
 
 Click on "Login" (blue button upper right center)
 
 Enter username = "jordan"
 Enter password = "retires"
 
 This password and your free trial expires on 01-29-99
 
 Sorry but only one free trial is permitted.
 
 Free trials are given full access to the online site and all
 subscriber areas and daily updates as they occur.
 
 Trials can access the "message boards" but
 only subscribers can post messages.
 
 The Newsletter is published by email three times weekly
 on Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday evenings.
 
 Mail time is normally 8:PM ET.
 
 Daily updates are posted on the site. Check out the "Play of the day"
 and the daily commentaries. Starting in January will be the "OEX
 Trading Pit" with daily trades on the volatile S&P-100 index.
 
 Updates can and will be posted to the website as conditions
 warrant. Check the site often to get the hot news and plays.
 
 The newsletter highlights between 20 and 30 stocks each
 week which fit our profiles for successful option investing.
 
 For each of these stocks we highlight short term and long
 term option positions.
 
 We try to offer several choices in each sector to cover
 the different investing styles available.
 
 Each week we highlight:
 
  Momentum stocks
  Stock split candidates
  Bottom fishing stocks
  Takeover candidates
  Story stocks
 
 
 In addition to our excellent options picking service we are
 always available to answer any options related question at
 any time. We will respond back to you as quickly as possible.
 Normally within 48 hours.
 

 
 Good Luck and Good Trading
 
 Your Options Investor Newsletter Staff
 
 
 PS. If you like what you see, tell a friend !
 
 
 
 This newsletter is a publication dedicated to the
 education of options traders. The newsletter is
 an information service only. The information provided
 herein is not to be construed as an offer to buy or sell
 securities of any kind. The newsletter picks are not to
 be considered a recommendation of any stock or option but
 an information resource to aid the investor in making
 an informed decision regarding trading in options. All
 investors should consult a qualified professional before
 trading in any security. The information provided has
 been obtained from sources deemed reliable but is not
 guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness. The newsletter
 staff makes every effort to provide timely information
 to its subscribers but cannot guarantee specific delivery
 times due to factors beyond our control.
 
 
