
 
 
 the news is already out.  Right now, there's not much left
 to move AT&T higher.  To be good plays, we think almost two
 times a company's normal volume should produce nice gains.
 Instead, over the last 2 days, AT&T went down in a strong
 upward market.  In short, the play looks over for now so
 we are dropping AT&T.
 
 QWST $56.13 -2.56 (-4.00)  QWST has shown some weakness so
 far this week.  It dove -$4.00 even in a market that seems
 to be moving upwards.  On Tuesday, Lehman Brothers cut its
 rating to outperform from their previous buy recommendation.
 They think competition will increase from other companies
 like MCI WorldCom Inc. and AT&T.  By taking a look at their
 chart, it is easy to see that QWST is on the downside of the
 hill. We are dropping Qwest as one of our plays until it
 makes a definite turn-around and regains some upward
 momentum.
 
 PRIA $32.19 -.81 (-3.69) PRIA gave us a good, steady
 momentum run.  But earnings are only 2 days away, and it
 looks like it is rolling over and heading lower, so we are
 dropping it.  Remember, we don't recommend holding over
 earnings due to the increased risk.  Make your own decision
 based on your risk/reward profile.
 
 PUTS:
 
 This newsletter is a publication dedicated to the education
 of options traders. The newsletter is an information service
 only. The information provided herein is not to be construed
 as an offer to buy or sell securities of any kind. The
 newsletter picks are not to be considered a recommendation
 of any stock or option but an information resource to aid the
 investor in making an informed decision regarding trading in
 options. It is possible at this or some subsequent date, the
 editor and staff of The Option Investor Newsletter may own,
 buy or sell securities presented. All investors should consult
 a qualified professional before trading in any security. The
 information provided has been obtained from sources deemed
 reliable but is not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness.
 The newsletter staff makes every effort to provide timely
 information to its subscribers but cannot guarantee specific
 delivery times due to factors beyond our control.
 
 
