
 
 What is the latest on this?  
 
 
 




  
 
 
 Jim, we are pleased to advise that AEGIS is putting the final touches on the
 wording and we hope to have it to you shortly.  In working with them, we
 made note of the obligations of both Enron and AEGIS as respects
 documentation to support the contract.  In particular, AEGIS is obligated
 pursuant to VIII. (c) to provide an accounting of the EAB from the date they
 received the premium to the date six months after the policy incepted.
 Thereafter, the accounting will be due every six months.  We have requested
 this from AEGIS and will provide a statement to you when it is received.
 
 Enron on the other hand is required to provide the following:
 
 Page 4 of 13: IV. Definitions(i) Documents:
 
      Prior to each anniversary, INSURED
 agrees to
      notify COMPANY of any material
 change in the
      form of the agreements (ISDA,
 Enfolio Master
      Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement, Master
 Energy
      Purchase and Sale Agreement and
 others which
      govern INSURED TRANSACTIONS).  The
      report shall consist of summary of
 changes and
      red lined version of documents.
 
 Page 7 of 13: VI. Conditions to Payment by the COMPANY(e)
      Evaluation of Creditworthiness by
 INSURED:
 
      The INSURED hereby agrees to
 promptly notify
      the COMPANY in writing of any
 material changes
      in the process and procedures set
 forth in the
      document titled XXXXXX (Credit
 Procedures).
 
 Page 7 of 13: VI. Conditions to Payment by the COMPANY (g)
      Report of Overdue Items:
 
      The INSURED shall remit a report to
 the COMPANY
      no later than 45 days subsequent to
 the end of each
      calendar month, a listing of all
 past due amounts in
      excess of 60 days past due as of
 that month-end
      date, which may be subject to
 coverage hereunder.
 
 Page 7 of 13: VII.  Settlement of Payments Due by the COMPANY
      or the INSURED (a):
 
      The INSURED shall provide to the
 COMPANY within
      thirty (30) days after the end of
 each half-year
      period a bordereau.....
 
 Page 7 of 13: VII. Settlement of Payments Due by
      the COMPANY or the INSURED (c):
 
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
 INSURED must
      notify the COMPANY in writing within
 thirty (30)
      days after the INSURED first has
 knowledge of
      any loss actually or potentially
 subject to coverage
      under this policy....
 
 There was some correspondence in October regarding the report of overdue
 items (VI.(g)) and the bordereau (VII.(a)), both on page 7 of 13, however I
 don't think that these reports have been generated.  We would appreciate
 your assistance in obtaining these in order to provide them to AEGIS.
 Additionally, we are obligated to provide underwriters with the revised
 Credit Procedures and would appreciate an update on that process also.
 
 Thank you for your assistance on these items.  Please let us know if you
 have any questions or assist you in compiling these reports.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
