
 
 The difficulty is in knowing which entites are regulated and which are not.  
 For instance, ENA is an "unregulated" affiliate of a regulated utility 
 (PGE).  But many utilities have energy services companies affiliates which, 
 while not regulated utilities like San Diego Gas & Electric, are nevertheless 
 heavily regulated.  We have tried to figure out what we can in the time 
 available and have relied on readily available public inofrmation. 
 
 
 
 
 David Forster
 10/14/99 08:48 AM

   
 Mark,
 
 Does the legal precedent which we previously discussed, apply to subsidiaries 
 of utilities as well as the utilities themselves?
 
 Dave
 




  
 We have not decided "to prevent any regulated utility from completing any 
 financial transactions" online.  If we have already satisfactorily concluded 
 the necessary due diligence with respect to a particular utility, they will 
 be approved.  It is only with respect to those utilities which have not yet 
 been researched that we are withholding approval.  The due diligence required 
 involves asking the utility for certain information concerning their 
 organization and regulatory situation, hiring local counsel in the relevant 
 state and having research done into the laws and regulations in place there 
 and into any public utility commission orders respecting the particular 
 utility in question, and on occasion requesting an opinion letter from the 
 utility's counsel.  We usually begin that process only when a trader believes 
 there is a likelihood of a sufficient volume of trading with the utility to 
 justify the time and expense.  FYI, the due diligence process has in the past 
 revealed circumstances which prevented the utility from trading derivatives 
 or required actions to authorize such trading which had not been taken.
 
 A recent count showed about 10 executed master agreements and another 30 to 
 40 in one stage or another of the due diligence/negotiation process.
 
 
 
 Louise Kitchen
 10/06/99 02:46 PM



  
 On Friday we will be receiving the remaining customer list from credit, due 
 to the timescales I am asking for turnaround on the customer matrix and 
 master agreement review by the end of play Tuesday 12th October.
 
 Any problems with this please notify me immediately as we are now running up 
 against very tight deadlines in terms of getting all of the information in 
 the system for the launch schedule.
 
 Thanks
 
 Louise
 
 Mark,
 On another note we are requesting a review of the blanket decision which has 
 been made to prevent any regulated utility from completing any financial 
 transactions, if we are not prepared to do the due diligence on which ones 
 can transact and which ones can not - is this our responsibility or theirs?  
 ie their decision whether to trade or not.
 Louise
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
