
 
 Western Supply No Longer in Decline?
 Although TransCanada flows are down, the strong market overall and wide 
 differentials have resulted in increased flows on PGT (up 300 million cubic 
 feet [MMcf] per day year-over-year). Domestic demand is still down slightly 
 from last year's levels. Storage injections have picked up (in both the East 
 and West) and, although behind last year's, are still above the five-year 
 average. Western Canadian supply increased slightly on a year-over-year basis 
 in June; July thus far is basically running flat with last year.
 
 The impact of the 1999 TransCanada capacity turnback and the current rate 
 structure is beginning to be felt in the Canadian market. It is more and more 
 apparent that TransCanada is becoming the swing pipeline, with flows 400 MMcf 
 per day below last year's levels. The effect of the difference between 
 contracted capacity (available to shippers at incremental cost) and 
 uncontracted capacity (available only on a full-cost basis) is becoming 
 evident. With supply filling contracted capacity on export pipes, the 
 inability of TransCanada to discount below the minimum interruptible rate may 
 be creating a two-tiered market. This shift results in a different netback 
 for holders of capacity (similar to the higher netback achieved by the 
 aggregators in the past) and those without capacity (those required to 
 acquire full cost transportation, or to sell at AECO). This lack of 
 flexibility is contributing to the wider differential between Henry Hub and 
 AECO (currently averaging in the high U!
 S$0.70s). AECO is expected to average C$4.91 per gigajoule (US$3.52 per 
 MMBtu) for August.
 
 
 
 Account Changes
 To edit your personal account information, including your e-mail
 address, etc. go to: http://eprofile.cera.com/cfm/edit/account.cfm
 
 This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information
 from Cambridge Energy Research Associates, Inc. (CERA) which is
 confidential and may be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying,
 distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments,
 in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
 
 Terms of Use: http://www.cera.com/tos.html

 Copyright 2000. Cambridge Energy Research Associates
   
