
 
 I found the reference I was remembering over the weekend.  Check out the 
 order issued to TriState Pipeline at Docket CP99-61.  FERC got all over CMS 
 on the problems posed by "dual jurisdictional facilities" whatever that 
 means.  CMS tried to do something that sounds a lot like what PNM would be 
 doing under the idea you guys had.
 
  in other words, the total path used by 
 shippers would be a combination of PNM's system and TW's system.  Shippers 
 wouldn't necessarily know whether PNM capacity was being used to provide 
 service on their contract, only that their gas is being shipped from A to B.  
 
 In re-reading the Texas Eastern line of cases, I believe we can distinguish 
 TW's proposal from that in Northern's Docket No. 97-388 because it is more 
 specific (we are asking for authority to acquire capacity on a specific 
 pipeline) and because it is more in the nature of an expansion of TW's 
 constrained San Juan lateral rather than a proposal to broker other 
 pipelines' capacity.  I may be overly optimistic, but I also believe we meet 
 all the Texas Eastern criteria.
 
 I realize that I have not discussed this very extensively (or at all) with 
 any of you, but I have gone ahead and drafted the proposal in the form of a 
 letter to FERC.  It seemed the most efficient way to provide a starting point 
 for discussion, especially since I was able to borrow heavily from our 
 successful Market Center Services filing.  I'm not yet sure where we will 
 include it in the tariff, but I propose tariff language along the lines of   
 "Transporter may contract for firm transportation service on Public Service 
 Company of New Mexico for use in providing transportation service from the 
 Blanco receipt point on Transporter's system.  The cost incurred for 
 acquisition of any such services shall be separately recorded in Account No. 
 ___.  Transporter is at risk for recovery of costs associated with such 
 services."
 
 After you've reviewed the attached, please let me know your overall 
 substantive comments and let's talk about the best way to proceed.  Thanks.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
