
 
 FYI
  but we can't project that role 
 initially. We need to be on the same side of the table as Oxy.
 
 
 The point here is that we have to be in step with a consistent approach to 
 the projects. They expect our competitors to say they'll finance things on 
 balance sheet and we need initially to say the same thing although later we 
 will open discussions on other ways to finance. Mike and I agree that this is 
 probably the biggest sticking point in the discussion today. Oxy believes 
 that such an initial statement will never be public and we aren't really 
 locked in an on-balance sheet approach. Maybe  we can do this, maybe we can't.
 
 They see this as a year long process with PDA's stretching well into next 
 year, and 2002 when the real money would be spent. The short term crisis is  
 January 29 and we need a submission with lots of pages: we were criticized 
 that although our proposal was well thought through and technically superb, 
 it didn't have enough pages- reams of paper to impress  the technocrats.  We 
 will also need to prepare a smaller 15 page digest to be used for our 
 official February presentation and a three page walk around summary. Casey 
 thinks the production center has to be in the US.
 
 We also all agreed that the Jan 29  questions allow us to lay out all of our 
 downstream concerns and establish a placeholder for issues that must be 
 resolved during the PDA discussions before we would do a project. I have had 
 the greatest success around the world when we don't try to force immediately 
 on a country  a perfect gas or electric market but adapt to "local 
 conditions" and implement the most important first couple of steps with the 
 rest to follow later. In this respect,  our projects can include suggested 
 regulatory concepts that if successful can be used elsewhere in the Kingdom.
 
 Over and over we came back to the project team which they want on the ground 
 in Saudi.  Casey will be 100% Saudi for the foreseeable future and can make 
 all decisions. Who will be our lead person with the same authority? They 
 don't want to deal with someone who later says Houston changed it's mind ( a 
 little arrogant). When can we identify bodies and assignments and location? 
 They want full time dedicated people. Either Dale or Casey noted that the old 
 Enron would have parachuted a team in by now (Like South America where we 
 landed in a swamp and spent the next five years beating alligators over the 
 head with a stick). This is a very complicated political and technical 
 effort,. The leader has to be good at both. Casey was excited that Rob would 
 be assigned to the project (I guess you discussed this with him).
 
 They both were quick to say that the working relationship to date has been 
 excellent and that they appreciate the effort we have put into this.
 
 Mike committed that we would go balls to the wall for the 29th deadline, I 
 committed that I would designate a project team by the first week in January 
 (we had our first conference call yesterday), but Mike said he wanted to 
 think about the decision point person and process ( we aren't about to 
 sacrifice a deliberative strategic/consensus  thought process because they 
 are in a hurry).
 
 We spent a lot of time talking about the process. We agree that the Saudi's 
 will eliminate one or two participants, that each project will have subparts 
 with different combinations and leads of companies with a master JV on top.   
 
 They minimized the capital investment although they are prepared to spent 
 $200-300 million over the next 3-5 years. They see core project 2 costing 
 $600 million, 60% Oxy/Enron assuming one other partner and Enron half of 
 that. We aren't talking billions (spoken like a true major).
 
 They are sure Exxon /Mobil will be our Red Sea partner if only to earn face  
 with possibly Marathon as the other. Exxon is more interested in the chemical 
 focus which Oxy will concede to them. Mike noted was that our worst nightmare 
 was a partner (Exxon) who would throw away money just to have a presence).  
 We were assured that Oxy's only goal was to make money and if he projects 
 didn't, they would walk away.
 
 The real danger in the upstream is the risk money for exploration. Oxy hopes 
 to hedge this risk with downstream investments (pipelines and plants) and 
 hopes that if the exploration is successful and reserves are added it will 
 lead to a whole new series of projects.
 
 They are very proud of Oxy's role in this, claim that they were instrumental 
 in getting Petry Parkman and Morgan selected as advisors, that Irani is the 
 most respected American Arab business man and has  great access in the 
 Kingdom, and that they already know what investments partners are acceptable 
 to the Saudi's.
 
 We  all left great friends in good Christmas spirit.
 
 From our perspective:
 
  Saudi is the largest economy in the Middle east and the driver in 
 international oil and liquids markets
 
  Enron needs to get inside and establish relationships with the key Saudi 
 people. We need a foot print in the Kingdom with which to earn their 
 respect.  Can we do it with minimal capital investment?
 
  Saudi is about to embark of a complete electric and gas restructuring, 
 regulatory included. They want the repatriation of petro dollars and dollars 
 held offshore by Saudi nationals.  The country can be a tremendous source of 
 capital.
 
  It looks like 2001 can be managed with a minimum burn rate with the most 
 intense period of activity being in January. We  need to set up the team for 
 the January effort. I'll have this done by Jan 1. There is the question of 
 sorting out conflicts with other ME priorities.
 
  Although it may be too soon to answer (we don't know yet what is possible 
 but we can shape that outcome), what is the end game, what do we want out of 
 Saudi Arabia? 
 
  We seem to have a clear division of labor and strategy with Oxy although we 
 need to sort out what we say about on balance sheet financing. We also need 
 to keep in mind that our other yet to be met partners will have a lot to say.
 
  Oxy wants to take the lead on the Core Venture 2 (Red Sea). I agree- this is 
 a perfect laboratory to address all of the market structure issues that will 
 make the Kingdom a great place to do business.
 
 
 
   Mike- I'm sure you can add more. Rick -it's up to you if you want to send 
 this around to the Saudi team.  Merry Christmas.
 
 
 
