
 
 Hi, Kelly,
 
 Yes, I probably am the person to contact on this.  In fact, I am getting 
 ready to circulate a draft data protection policy that would put Enron in 
 compliance with EU directives.  Look for it in the next few days!
 
 Michelle
 
 
 
 

 	05/19/2000 03:13 PM
 		 


 		  
 Michelle:
  It occurred to me as I sent the message below to Michael Brown that you may 
 be the lawyer I need to coordinate with.  Is that true?
 


 

  
 
 Christopher:
      You may remember me from our conversations about 18 months ago, which
 resulted in Enron subscribing to Clifford Chance's Nextlaw subscription
 service.  Enron's annual subscription lasped several months ago, but we are
 in need of similar services again for a different HR project.  Enron senior
 management has tasked the HR department with the creation of an internal
 "expert directory" with which all Enron employees can identify other Enron
 employees who have specific skills (such as language capabilities,
 experience with particular kinds of projects, political contacts, etc.)
 that may be useful for new intiatives.  As you can imagine, the data that
 must be collected from all Enron employees worldwide is significantly more
 complex than the information we were gathering from international employees
 when we engaged your firm previously.  We would now like legal advice about
 what consents must be obtained from employees in various foreign
 jurisdictions in order to collect and publish the information, whether
 certain information gathered must be requested on a voluntary basis (and
 conversely, what information we can require that employees provide), etc.
 [Please note that all information to be requested will be collected for
 business purposes (our internal legal department has already informed HR
 and management that certain information about personal interests, hobbies,
 and non-professional memberships should not be collected or asked for.)]
 
      I am hopeful that in the time since we last spoke, your firm has added
 additional jurisdictions to the subscription service, since many of the
 countries in which we have employees were not on the database in early
 1999.  I will list the jurisdictions that are relevant for this project at
 the end of this message; however, in certain jurisdictions, Enron has only
 a few employees, and we may elect not to include those employees in the
 expert directory if we determine that the cost of the legal research for
 that jurisdiction is not justified by the benefit to Enron.  I am also
 wondering whether the information included in the database is sufficient
 for this more complicated project.
 
      My colleague, Sharon Butcher, and I would like to discuss our new
 project with you to see if Clifford Chance is again willing and able to
 provide the local research that we require, and to get an estimate of the
 cost involved.  We were hoping to call you at 9:00 am Houston time on
 Monday, May 22nd.  Please let me know if this time is not convenient, and
 we will arrange for another call.  I can be reached by telephone

 I hope you are well, and look forward to our work together.
 
 Regards,
 
 Kelly Noel Higgason
 
 
 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 Colombia
 Finland
 Germany
 Guatemala
 Hungary
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Jamaica
 Japan
 Mexico
 Netherlands
 Norway
 Philippines
 Poland
 Puerto Rico
 Russian Federation
 Singapore
 Spain
 Sweden
 Thailand
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 Venezuela
 
 
 This message and any attachment are confidential and may be privileged or 
 otherwise protected from disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, 
 please telephone or email the sender and delete this message and any 
 attachment from your system.  If you are not the intended recipient you must 
 not copy this message or attachment or disclose the contents to any other 
 person.
 
 For further information about Clifford Chance please see our website at 
 http://www.cliffordchance.com or refer to any Clifford Chance office.
 
 
 
 
 
