
 
 A huge debate has been ongoing in he battle whether to include language in 
 the EEI Contract that would provide that a confirmation that contains 
 "substantive" terms not discussed by the traders is subject to the "deemed 
 accepted" language.  I have been very vocal against  adding this language.  
 The politics as you can tell from this email have been fierce, and as in much 
 of successful politics, dirty.  I'm not sure where this will end up, but feel 
 like it is important that we all are aware of the history here as well as 
 Enron's position (Confirmation needs to be the final, best evidence unless 
 objected to in a timely manner). I will keep everybody posted on the results 
 of the vote. 
  to either not
 add the language at all, add to 2.3, or add as an option.  But now
 Working Group is not being given the choice  to vote as they did, like
 the result or not, in Houston.  Even Fritz's suggestion that three
 choices be given on the ballot was ignored.  Those three choices, as I
 understood it, would have included an even more aggressive elimination
 of the 2 business day presumption that the confirm, as sent, controls.
 
      The question I asked...  why we are afraid of even giving the
 Working Group the choice to express the same views they expressed in
 Houston...was never answered.
      When  EEI members call me to ask about this, I intend to suggest
 that they vote "YES" on the ballot, and then  add an admonition to their
 ballot that the language be included in 2.3 and not just be an option on
 the cover sheet.  I would hope that the Drafting Committee (or whoever
 remains on it) would at least consider such added comments although,
 again, after today I have my doubts.  I intend to call some of the EEI
 members that I know will feel strongly about this.  Since I know Mitch
 will not be around (and don't feel he should be disenfranchised), I also
 intend to call AEP as a courtesy.  I no longer support the idea of not
 forwarding Mitch's email to the whole group, as he obviously intended.
 
      Ironically or perhaps intentionally, the Drafting Committee's
 failure to address this directly until almost a month after the Houston
 meeting means people won't even have a 2 Business Day voting window.
 Nonetheless, regardless of the vote, I intend to discuss this in the
 implementation discussion in the Houston/New York seminars.
 
 
 Andrew S. Katz, Senior Attorney
 Edison Electric Institute
 701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
 Washington, D.C.  20004
 Voice:  202-508-5616
 Fax:     202-508-5673

