
 
 print
  from business leaders earmarked for a parking garage. 
 What does the public get in return? 
 "Something much bigger," said Ken Lay, co-chairman of the pro-arena campaign. 
 "It's making Houston, Texas, and particularly downtown, a much more viable 
 economic area. Making it more attractive for business to come to town, making 
 it more attractive for conventions to come to town, and making it more 
 attractive for the best and brightest talent in the world to come here and 
 work with us." 
 Moreover, supporters say a downtown arena, with its advanced sound and video 
 systems, wider concourses, scores of restrooms and a constellation of 
 eateries, would be like going from a phonograph to a hi-fi stereo. 
 Some longtime Compaq Center patrons who have visited new arenas agree. 
 "When people go to Enron Field they've had an experience," said fan Rebecca 
 Tonahill, 53, who attends a couple of dozen Rockets and Comets games a year 
 and has traveled to Los Angeles and Indianapolis arenas that opened last 
 year. "You don't get an experience at Compaq Center, but I think they could 
 capture some of that with the new arena." 
 Overall analyses of the deal's bottom-line cost vary by how much the sports 
 authority loses, if anything, from building the parking garage. 
 Harris County Tax Assessor-Collector Paul Bettencourt calculates the Rockets 
 would pay only 30 percent of the arena's total cost, which comes to $256 
 million by his tally, and the public would pay the remainder. Ric Campo, the 
 sports authority's financial whiz, contends the team's contribution would be 
 closer to half of the $220 million he estimates as the total cost. 
 Depending on how the numbers are manipulated, both are right. 
 Bettencourt believes the public would pay the parking garage's entire $35 
 million cost. 
 A sore spot among tax watchdogs has been the sports authority building a 
 garage that Alexander will have exclusive profit from during his events, 
 including games involving the Rockets and Comets basketball teams and 
 ThunderBears arena football team. 
 Still, said Campo, the sports authority has use of the garage at all other 
 times, which he says would be enough to cover annual garage payments. The 
 private loan is interest-free for the first five years, which would save $9 
 million. 
 What is clear is that taxpayers would spend between $125 million and $175 
 million to build an arena that would create wealth for a few. Arena opponents 
 call it corporate welfare. Supporters say it's a good investment. 
 It has happened before, to an even greater extent, with the construction of 
 Enron Field for Astros owner Drayton McLane Jr. and the football stadium for 
 Houston Texans owner Bob McNair. 
 "This point always raises serious questions about balance in people's minds," 
 said Dennis Howard, a sports marketing professor at the University of Oregon. 
 "Those paying the greatest share are not getting the benefit. They often 
 can't even afford to go." 
 The counter-argument from arena supporters is that visitors pay most hotel 
 and car rental taxes. Bettencourt has studied the issue and concluded that 
 locals pay at least 30 percent of the visitor taxes. 
 Howard's research suggests about one of every 10 people who live in a market 
 where a major-league sports team gets a new building ends up using the 
 facility in a given year. However, the study did not differentiate arenas 
 from football or baseball stadiums. Arenas probably would attract more people 
 because of the many nonsporting events held there. 
 Not only do fans pay for the building with taxes, they are hit again by more 
 expensive tickets, said Howard, noting that average ticket prices jump by 30 
 to 40 percent in a new building. 
 The Rockets disputed that, citing a study of six recently opened arenas where 
 prices jumped from 7 to 28 percent. The team's chief operating officer, 
 George Postolos, said the Rockets have not raised the price of the most 
 affordable tickets in five years. He said the team would remain committed to 
 keeping a comparable number of affordable seats in a new arena. 
 Customers buying expensive tickets, typically corporations, would feel the 
 bulk of the increase. 
 "Premium seat holders get more in a new building," he said, "and they pay 
 more for it." 
 Houston voters, at least, have a fairly clear idea of who is getting what in 
 this deal. "It's all right there on the table," notes Bob Eury, president of 
 Central Houston Inc. 
 That is not always the case when teams and governments are eager 
 collaborators in search of public support. In Indianapolis, for instance, 
 local media suggested the agreement to build the $183 million Conseco 
 Fieldhouse involved $104 million in private money and $79 million in public 
 money. One reporter writing in the Indianapolis Star's special arena-opening 
 section went as far as to write: "This isn't Houston or Hartford, Conn., or 
 those other cities that swung open the public vault when it came time to pony 
 up for new sports facilities." 
 An arena built with less public than private money in such a small market 
 would be something worth bragging about. 
 The reality in the bond documents is much different: The city's capital 
 improvement board sold $222.6 million worth of bonds to finance the arena and 
 a parking garage. Those bonds will be repaid by a dizzying array of taxes, 
 including a cigarette tax, car-rental tax, hotel tax, a tax on goods sold at 
 the arena, and a diversion of state income taxes on player's salaries. 
 The private contributions come from $10 million worth of donated land, a $37 
 million loan to be repaid by the city, and, as touted by the Star, $57 
 million from the Pacers basketball team. 
 But the Pacers' "contribution" is made up almost entirely of revenues the 
 city expects to generate from the arena's publicly financed parking garage 
 when the team is not using it, according to an attorney who worked on the 
 bond sale. 
 Advertising for the arena in Houston so far has been accurate, but there are 
 two sides to some of the numbers presented. 
 A common claim is that the Rockets would pay $8.5 million a year in rent, 
 appearing most recently in an Oct. 1 opinion piece by sports authority 
 Chairman Billy Burge. This implies that more than half the $13 million to $14 
 million the sports authority would pay on its arena debt each year would come 
 from the Rockets. 
 Actually, of this "rent," $1.6 million would be put into a fund for major 
 arena repairs. Another $1.5 million would be paid to the sports authority, 
 but if the sports authority could pay its annual debts, the money would be 
 refunded to the Rockets. The sports authority would have enough money to pay 
 its debt on three stadiums if its tax revenues rise at 3 percent. They have 
 grown at around 10 percent in recent years. 
 Finally, another $200,000 of the "rent" is paid to the city. 
 Boosters also commonly promote arenas to voters as engines of economic 
 development, generating millions of dollars in sales taxes. 
 But even if the teams left, most personal leisure spending would simply be 
 spent on movies, the arts or other forms of entertainment, said John 
 Siegfried, a Vanderbilt University economics professor. 
 The other major chunk, from sales taxes on corporate spending at the arenas, 
 often comes from advertising budgets, he said, and there are other 
 promotional activities where the money could be spent. 
 "Repeatedly, we're finding the emperor has no clothes," said Howard, of 
 Oregon. "These buildings are sold as economic development engines, but the 
 economic impact they create is negligible." 
 Studies by professional consultants may, and often do, find otherwise, but 
 they are usually commissioned by a team or government seeking to justify 
 public spending on a new facility, Siegfried said. 
 Campo countered that building Enron Field has already fueled local economic 
 gain from higher property tax revenues. The ballpark's 10 blocks of land were 
 purchased at $12 per square foot, he said. A single block across the street 
 was recently sold for $100 a square foot to Trammel Crow. 
 Land values around the arena site have likewise doubled within the last year 
 on speculation of development there. 
 "That's creating a lot of value for the city, county and schools," Campo 
 said. 
 Economists, including four interviewed for this article, argue that spending 
 public money in other ways, such as tax abatements to developers, would 
 stimulate even more activity. They point to research in respected economic 
 journals that has found higher high school graduation rates and more spending 
 on police encouraged economic growth, whereas a major-league sports team 
 actually put a drag on the economy. 
 By Texas law, the sports authority may not spend the taxes it collects on a 
 venue unless it is approved by voters, and it may spend its revenue only on 
 sports facilities or other community projects like an arts center. 
 Its 2 percent hotel tax and 5 percent car rental tax will not rise if the 
 arena proposition passes. Adding arena payments to its existing debt would 
 completely tap its resources, however. 
 The board has not addressed what to do if the arena fails. To spend money on 
 anything other than an approved venue, such as hospitals or schools as 
 opponents suggest, would require legislative action. 
 Return to top
 
 	
 
 	
 
 OUTLOOK
 Editorials
 FOR ARENA / Many concrete reasons to support this proposal Nov. 7
 Staff
 
 10/15/2000
 Houston Chronicle
 4 STAR
 2
 (Copyright 2000)
 
 Houstonians are no strangers to the many arguments for and against the 
 building of new sports arenas. We've hashed and rehashed them often in the 
 past few years. We've put one facility - Enron Field for baseball downtown - 
 on the map, and we're erecting another - a new football/rodeo stadium at the 
 site of the Astrodome. 
 A decision on a third piece - a downtown basketball/hockey arena - is 
 forthcoming on the Nov. 7 election ballot.
 The Chronicle urges voters to vote for the arena referendum. 
 It makes sense for Houston to finish the third leg of this sports facility 
 package as both a quality-of-life amenity and a valuable economic development 
 tool. 
 The arena proposal is essentially the same one, in terms of financing, as the 
 others that were approved by voters in 1996. Tax dollars will be spent 
 sparingly, taxpayer liability is limited, and taxpayers are even protected 
 from having to pick up cost overruns. 
 The fact there is a relative consensus on the proposal, or at least a lack of 
 vigorous opposition as there was on a previous proposal, is a signal that 
 this deal is a better one for Houston. The building's tenants, the Houston 
 Rockets and Comets, are paying a fair share of the costs. 
 Ticket and parking taxes have been eliminated from the new proposal. 
 Many people find the "corporate welfare" aspect of publicly financed arenas 
 distasteful, and some of their concerns have merit. But the reality is that 
 major league sports teams are amenities that help cities and all of their 
 residents. That's part of the reason so many cities compete to have them and 
 retain them. 
 Houstonians have debated this issue for years, and some people will adhere, 
 no matter what, to the philosophy that sports teams shouldn't be publicly 
 subsidized. Continued debate won't change their minds. 
 We believe the presence of sports teams and facilities such as these is a 
 plus for the city that far outweighs the public costs. 
 It's not an esoteric, theoretical discussion. The proof is concrete - as 
 concrete as the 18 new projects developed in downtown around Enron Field. 
 They include a mix of residential, office and entertainment facilities 
 totaling about $700 million. 
 The economic activity these enterprises generate is already a boon to 
 Houston's economy. The property value they add to the tax rolls will more 
 than offset the public investment costs of Enron Field. 
 Some critics of the arena have posited the theory that funds needed for 
 public safety, such as improvements to the Fire Department, will be raided or 
 shortchanged by the city's commitment to the arena. But that's simply not the 
 case. The increased property taxes and other benefits of a more dynamic 
 downtown will repay the city's investment many times over. That's new tax 
 money available to the city's general fund, which pays for police and fire 
 protection. So, it's not an either-or decision. 
 Furthermore, what the stadium and all this activity have done for downtown, 
 and for Houston's image as a whole, is quite remarkable. 
 Remember, downtown's northeast quadrant was was a virtual ghost town of 
 dilapidated warehouses and empty fields only a few months ago. Enron Field, 
 coupled with Theater District development and other projects, has put to rest 
 almost every argument that was made against the building of that stadium. 
 A downtown arena would help complete the renaissance of the area and would 
 put money into the public coffers. 
 These are all strong reasons to vote enthusiastically for the arena proposal 
 on Nov. 7.
 
 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 
 
 A
 Is new arena deal a slam-dunk for taxpayers? / Houston's costs, funding for 
 NBA team compared to other cities
 ERIC BERGER
 Staff
 
 10/15/2000
 Houston Chronicle
 2 STAR
 1
 (Copyright 2000)
 
 Those who support subsidizing an arena to keep the Houston Rockets in Space 
 City hail the deal struck this summer. It's better for taxpayers than last 
 year's accord, they say. It's comparable to what the Astros and Texans got. 
 Perhaps more important, they say, the agreement Houstonians will vote on Nov. 
 7 is a "market deal" that compares favorably with other arenas built in 
 recent years for National Basketball Association teams.
 But does it really? 
 A Houston Chronicle study of the seven most recently built U.S. arenas for 
 NBA clubs reveals that four were constructed with less tax money than will be 
 spent here if voters approve next month's arena proposition. One had a 
 slightly larger public contribution and two were built with considerably more 
 public money. 
 There are good reasons for this, arena boosters contend. Unlike Houston, 
 three of these four cities offering lesser subsidies provided other 
 incentives. 
 In Dallas and Los Angeles, they note, the government condemned whole blocks 
 of land for private development around the arena. In Atlanta, Ted Turner was 
 given carte blanche to develop public land. 
 All of the markets that received a smaller subsidy also had both major league 
 basketball and hockey teams, which could share the construction costs. Two 
 teams generate more revenue, which tends to make the public contribution less 
 vital. 
 "This is one of the largest single-team contributions to a building ever," 
 said Rockets Chief Operating Officer George Postolos, whose team is paying 
 about $7 million a year for control of the Houston arena. 
 Still, there is another general rule of thumb when it comes to determining a 
 public subsidy. Historically, the less populous a city and its suburbs, the 
 more public money is needed to complete an arena project. With their bevy of 
 Fortune 500 companies, larger cities far outstrip the mid-sized markets' 
 capacity to buy the pricey suites and club seats that make new arenas so 
 lucrative for NBA owners. 
 Strikingly, an arena was built with far fewer tax dollars in one city smaller 
 than Houston - Denver. 
 Atlanta, a market comparable to Houston, built an arena with considerably 
 less public money. 
 This was also the case in two larger markets. Los Angeles built an arena with 
 almost no public money, and Dallas' expensive project had substantially less 
 public than private money involved. 
 Only two of the cities reviewed, San Antonio and Indianapolis, built arenas 
 with larger public money contributions, which is consistent with their 
 relatively small market stature. 
 "The arena deal follows the Enron Field-type of model," said Harris County 
 Tax Assessor-Collector Paul Bettencourt, who released a study critical of 
 Houston's arena plan but has not campaigned against it. "It's consistent with 
 how the baseball and football stadiums were built in Houston. 
 "But it's clearly not the model for arenas in the rest of the country, from 
 Los Angeles to Atlanta to Denver." 
 Conservative activist Bruce Hotze, who recently launched an effort against 
 the arena, says Houston should follow the example of other cities where the 
 owners of sports teams - such as the Utah Jazz in 1991 - have primarily paid 
 for their facilities. He characterizes anything less as corporate welfare. 
 The list of factors determining how far a team can dip into public coffers 
 goes on, from the breadth of a team's local following to its success and its 
 owner's popularity, said Andrew Zimbalist, a Smith College economics 
 professor. 
 But the overriding factor is probably simpler, he said. 
 "The best strategy for any team to follow is to ask for so much money that 
 the referendum passes by a tenth of a percentage point," Zimbalist said. 
 "Teams will get as much as they can. If it passes by 5 percent, the owner, 
 usually a smart businessman, has done himself a disservice." 
 Another big factor is a threat to move. 
 This has loomed over Houston since NBA Commissioner David Stern announced 
 earlier this year that he was "certain" the Rockets would leave town without 
 a new building. 
 When the Denver Nuggets wanted a new arena in the mid-1990s they had a decade 
 left on their lease. The Rockets have just three years left before they can 
 leave Houston. Otherwise, Denver's circumstances as its leaders began 
 negotiating with the team were remarkably similar to Houston's. 
 The city had just spent about $200 million in public money to build Coors 
 Field for the Colorado Rockies baseball team, and was contemplating an even 
 larger expenditure to replace Mile High Stadium for the NFL's Broncos. 
 But when it came to the city-owned McNichols Arena, built, like Compaq 
 Center, in 1975, the attitude was that if the team's owner wanted a new 
 building he would have to do it largely with public money, said Dean Bonham, 
 a Denver-based sports consultant. Eventually, the owner got some city 
 concessions totaling about $30 million but paid for all the arena's 
 construction costs. 
 A few years later in Houston, after building Enron Field and ponying up for a 
 new football stadium, public leaders have signed a similar, heavily 
 subsidized plan for the basketball team. 
 What was it that opened Houston's treasury when Denver's was closed? 
 "I can sum the difference up in one word: leverage," Bonham said. "The Denver 
 teams weren't going anywhere soon. The Rockets got a green light to go." 
 In Miami, a smaller market where a building was constructed with slightly 
 more public money than would be spent in Houston, the Heat's first arena was 
 only 8 years old when the team asked for a new facility. 
 At first team officials, amid threats of leaving, managed to cut a deal with 
 the Miami-Dade County Commission to build a $165 million arena on Biscayne 
 Bay with only $50 million coming from the team. 
 But leading up to a referendum a new county mayor, Alex Penelas, was elected 
 in part because he campaigned against public financing for the arena, saying 
 the county had "given away the kitchen sink." 
 Later, a deal was struck in which the team paid for the arena's construction 
 and the county bought bayfront property and helped the team with annual 
 operating costs. 
 This dramatic game of building publicly backed sports stadiums with 
 questionable public support is so familiar throughout the United States that 
 it has practically become the fifth major league sport. 
 More than $21.7 billion has been spent or committed on 95 built or planned 
 big-league stadiums since 1990, and, according to several economists' 
 calculations, two-thirds of that money comes from public sources. 
 In Houston, more than two-thirds of the nearly $1 billion in built, planned 
 or proposed stadiums since 1996 has or would come from public sources. 
 In spring 1996, citing aging facilities and unprofitable leases, the Oilers 
 had left town and the Astros were making threats. The still-champion Rockets 
 were bound here into the new century, but would soon sue to break that lease 
 and were making no promises beyond 2003. 
 The Astrodome and Compaq Center had lost their sheen amid a nationwide tide 
 of stadium building that is only now ebbing. Political leaders decided they 
 must do something to stop the defection of Houston's pro sports teams. 
 For several months, a blue-ribbon commission chaired by Pete Coneway and Ben 
 Love tackled the issue, ultimately deciding, as elsewhere around the country, 
 that the city and county should help build new facilities for baseball, 
 football and basketball. 
 From this blueprint arose the Harris County-Houston Sports Authority, which 
 has helped fund two of those facilities and is seeking voter approval to 
 spend its remaining tax revenues on a new downtown basketball arena. 
 The Astros hit the jackpot with Enron Field, which has propelled their 
 attendance to more than 3 million for the first time. After the Oilers made 
 good on their threat to move to Nashville, it took Bob McNair's $700 million 
 and Texas charm, as well as a $367 million football stadium, to bring the NFL 
 back. 
 Sports authority members say that if McNair's experience teaches Houston 
 anything, it will take a far greater investment than the proposed arena's 
 costs to return the NBA should the Rockets leave. 
 They point out as well that in building both the baseball and football 
 stadiums, although each cost more than the arena, Alexander would pay more 
 than has either McNair or Astros owner Drayton McLane Jr. 
 Houston's arena deal, as complicated as it appears, lacks the hidden value 
 attached to some other deals, which Rockets officials say makes sports team 
 owners in the other markets appear less mercenary at first blush. 
 More than two years ago Dallas voters approved a $125 million public 
 contribution to a new arena by a handful of votes in a citywide referendum. 
 A scrappy coalition of opponents, which had only $75,000 to spend, tried to 
 point out that the public was giving up much more than the $125 million. 
 Beneath that widely reported figure was essentially freedom for the arena 
 developers, Dallas Mavericks owner Ross Perot Jr. and Dallas Stars owner Tom 
 Hicks, to proceed with an 18-city block, $1 billion overall development with 
 the city's blessing. 
 In January, Perot sold the Mavericks basketball team to Internet billionaire 
 Mark Cuban. 
 Perot, who had bought the team only four years earlier, said he was 
 interested in the new arena largely for the related development 
 opportunities. 
 "A lot of people look at a basketball team as an anchor tenant for an arena. 
 I look at an arena as the anchor tenant for a much larger program," he said 
 upon selling the Mavericks. His Hillwood Development Corp. retained the 
 development rights. 
 To aid the development, the city of Dallas condemned much of the land and 
 offered as much as $30 million for infrastructure work to spruce up the 
 property. 
 The city also let both the Stars, a hockey team, and Mavericks out of their 
 Reunion Arena leases several years early and went so far as to ensure no 
 other sports referendums would be on the same ballot. Hillwood also got a 4 
 percent construction management fee and Hicks 1.5 percent as part of the $325 
 million in public and private money spent on the arena. 
 "Oh sure, there were kickbacks and all that," said Sharon Boyd, co- 
 chairwoman of the opposition group It's a Bad Deal! 
 "It was like all of a sudden there were five men in Dallas that got free land 
 and didn't have to pay taxes. That's a sweet deal." 
 Like Dallas, Atlanta offered Ted Turner a plush real estate deal to keep the 
 Hawks basketball team in the city, freeing up the NBA team to pay more than 
 half the arena's actual construction cost. 
 Hawks' owner Turner Broadcasting Co. was given 10 years to add development to 
 the public land the arena was built on, with streets, roads, sidewalks and 
 other needed infrastructure paid for with tax money. 
 In Los Angeles, the city condemned most of about 30 acres surrounding the 
 privately developed Staples Center for a hotel, restaurants and an 
 entertainment district. 
 "The subsidies take all kinds of forms," said Robert Baade, an economics 
 professor at Lake Forest College in Illinois. 
 "The cities and teams have become much more clever about how they finance 
 these things and hide the public subsidies." 
 Monday: Who would pay, who would benefit from a new arena.
 
 
 Graph: 1. Basketball arena deals (p.18); Photos: 2. Houston Rockets Proposal 
 arena (p.18); 3. San Antonio Spurs: SBC Arena (p. 18); 4. Dallas Mavericks: 
 American Airlines Center (p.18); 5. Atlanta Hawks: Phillips Arena (p.18); 6. 
 Denver Nuggets: Pepsi Center (p.18); 7. Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles 
 Clippers: Staples Center (p.18); 8. Miami Heat: American Airlines Arena 
 (p.18); 9. Indiana Pacers: Conseco Fieldhouse (p. 18) 
 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
