
 
 Dick, Here are the details about the GPG PRC meeting.  Please note that these 
 people have not been involved in the process for very long and thus, this may 
 not be the best example of how the process works.  Nonetheless, it should 
 give you a flavor of how it works.  When you get to the Enron Building, 
 please ask for me or my assistant, Twanda Sweet, and one of us will take you 
 to the conference room.  Thanks a lot!  Michelle
 
 
 
 

 07/14/2000 02:00 PM




 
  
 David/Cindy, 
 
 I have arranged for Dick Jeanrette, who is an industrial psychologist 
 specializing in employment matters, to assist us in the performance 
 evaluation process.  Dick has worked for years with Exxon, which has a 
 process that sounds similar to ours, and has many ideas regarding the 
 process.  The Exxon process has been challenged in court, and Dick has 
 testified about its process; the cases have been in favor of the company.  
 Thus, I believe his experience and insight will help us in our performance 
 management process.
 
 I will be arranging a meeting with Dick in the next two weeks.  Besides the 
 persons identified in this email, who should attend?  You had mentioned Steve 
 Kean.  Should he be involved as well?  (FYI, he worked with Dick on Project 
 One).
 
 Let me know if you have any questions.
 
 Michelle
 
 
 
 
 David Oxley
 06/13/2000 06:55 PM



   
 Michelle,
 
 I had a voicemail from Cindy and Steve Kean relating to the change of wording 
 on the Satisfactory and Needs Improvement descriptors for this mid-year 
 review. Concern surrounds the apparent toughening of Satisf in particular and 
 a belief that this makes distributing names into bottom 2 categories harder.
 
 I recall we changed wording due to some concerns you had expressed. Perhaps 
 you can restate them here for everyone.
 
 However, regardless of above I remain of opinion that descriptors and labels 
 are proving a distraction from what should be a more relative process. 
 Perhaps the main message here is to convey something that helps us put these 
 descriptors in the context of a guide only (starting point or indicative 
 illustration) rather than absolute scale. 
 
 Bottom-line it is rather difficult to see how we could change any of this for 
 the mid year.
 
 David
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
