
 
 I believe it is timely to discuss this again and I agree with Cynthia that 
 stand alone legislation does nothing to address the essential transmission 
 structural issues.
 
 I am open minded on the issue if someone can make a compelling case to 
 support stand alone legislation, BUT my gut reaction is that it would be  a 
 serious mistake.  Congress would happily put off dealing with this issue for 
 years if it passes reliability only legislation.  I think the legislation 
 itself makes little or no progress on our issues and may even set us back on 
 making progress at FERC and in other fora.
 
 I realize that if this gets going it may be hard to stop, but it would be 
 such a cynically ineffective approach to the real reliability problems that 
 we should help whomever we can to put a stop to it.  If it gets through 
 committee, I have no confidence in this Congress to actually amend it into 
 something better and broader, so, again, I have difficulty seeing why we 
 should go that route.
 
 I look forward to the discussion.
 
 
 

 07/17/2000 02:20 PM
 
 

 I 



  
 Joe:  thanks.  Allison is arranging a brief (thirty minutes) Conference Call 
 for sometime tomorrow  so we can assure that we are all on the same page on 
 this issue.  Although we had supported the policy agreement, we had been on 
 record to oppose for political reasons the bill's movement on a stand-alone 
 basis since policing the grid does nothing to address the essential 
 transmission structural changes the market is crying to have addressed in 
 order to provide reliability.  However, given Jeff Brown's efforts, the 
 political need for inoculation and other political developments, it is timely 
 to once again discuss Enron's position.  I look forward to our call sometime 
 tomorrow. Cynthia
 
 
 
 Joe Hartsoe
 07/17/2000 03:09 PM

  
  
 FYI.  Thoughts?  JOE
  would not be good for the development of markets.
 
 Given this, we are concerned about how things are going.  However, we
 aren't doing much on our own since we would be very ineffective.  We are
 open to ideas.
 
 John
 
 
 
 
 
 
