
 
 
 
                     Jane Allen

                     07/31/2000           
                     02:13 PM              Wolfe(Document link: Jane Allen)
 
 
 
 
 
 Sorry, I have been out on vacation.  Before I call Ingrid, I just wanted to
 see if you found out anything on your trip to NY.  MG MCC should have
 immigration attorneys who assist with their visa filings and should be able
 to coach her.  I am nervous about coaching her as we have a law firm handle
 all our visa issues.  Because each case may be different, we have the law
 firm speak with each individual to determine the best route to take, then
 they complete all the paperwork and we sign.
 
 Jane J. Allen
 Enron Corp
 Global Employee Services
 Phone - 713/345-5064
 Fax - 713/646-7203
 
 
 
                     Hoyt


                     07/18/2000                                07:33 PM
 
 
 
 
 
 Hi, Jane!
 
 I talked to Ingrid Krinke again today.  Ingrid is the HR person at MG MCC,
 the New York branch of MG plc.  MG plc has acquired Rudolph Wolff, another
 British company.  Rudolph wolfe has the two H1 and one L1 visa employees.
 It turns out that MG plc is doing an asset acquisition of Rudolph Wolff,
 not a stock transfer, and Ingrid's immigration attorney tells her that they
 cannot transfer an L1 in an asset transfer.  Ingrid is starting the process
 of transferring the H1's from RW to MG.  I do not know how much ingrid
 knows about visas, and it would probably be good if we guided her so that
 she does not so something that impacts us or that is unnecessary.
 
 Ingrid has a thick file of immigration "stuff" on these folks but she does
 not know what to send to us.  Could you give her a call and talk to her
 about the situation?  I am concerned that i am not asking her the right
 questions, or I may garble the info when I pass it on to you.  Ingrid is at
 212.715.5241.  I told her that you might call.
 
 closing is forecast for Sept. 8; i may be in NY either this monday or the
 following monday collecting data.  I would be happy to sit with you and
 tell you what I know , or join in on the call to ingrid.  Please ring me.
 713.345.7801
 
 Thanks a bunch.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Garretts is a member of the Andersen Worldwide international network of law
 firms.    A list of the names of the partners and their professional
 qualifications is open to inspection at 180 Strand, London, WC2R 2NN 
 (principal
 place of business). The partners are either solicitors or registered foreign
 lawyers.  Associate firm in Scotland: Dundas and Wilson.
 
 Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message.  If you
 are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery 
 of
 the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this message to 
 anyone.
 In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by
 reply email. Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent 
 to
 Internet email for messages of this kind.  Opinions, conclusions and other
 information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my
 firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it.
 
 
 
 
 
 
