
 
 
 
 

 11/09/2000 02:51:56 PM



   
 
 
 
 Attached is a summary of recent FERC activities (PDF file) and the weekly 
 Alliance Express. The following is a summary of the most recent FERC meeting, 
 followed by a listing of the most recent FERC filings.
 
 In a brief meeting yesterday, FERC approved a Final Rule adopting Section 203 
 merger filing requirements, generally as proposed, and extended the existing 
 NYISO bid cap in its non-spinning reserves market and the related mandatory 
 bidding requirement until such time that the New York market can be 
 determined to be "workably competitive."  At the same time, FERC ordered a 
 technical conference to explore changes to the NYISO reserves market, and 
 urged market participants to reach a consensus on a preferred solution, next 
 steps, and deadlines for resolution/implementation.  Additional details are 
 provided below.
 
 FERC Updates, Streamlines Merger Filing Process
 
 FERC unanimously approved its proposed Order revising the reporting 
 requirements for mergers.  However, Comm. Hebert did so with reservations, as 
 discussed below.  Commission staff stated that the Order closely follows the 
 Notice of Proposed Rulemaking previously issued, but adds more detail and 
 more certainty to the industry.  Staff stated that the Order is improved over 
 the proposed rule because it includes exemptions from reporting for certain 
 entities and it more precisely defines geographical areas and products.
 
 According to FERC, the draft Order:
 
 -  revises the Commission's filing requirements to reflect existing merger 
 policy based on FERC's 1996 Merger Policy Guidelines;
 -  provides more detail for the industry in developing competitive market 
 analyses.  The rule continues the existing screening process for mergers with 
 potential horizontal competitive concerns.  In addition, the rule establishes 
 informational requirements for vertical competitive analyses.
 -  streamlines filing requirements for transactions that do not raise 
 competitive concerns; and
 -  reduces the industry's regulatory burden by eliminating outdated filing 
 requirements.
 
 The Rule will take effect 60 days after its publication in the Federal 
 Register.
 
 Commissioner Reaction:
 
 Comm. Hebert expressed reservations that, although he was voting for the 
 Rule, FERC should not be duplicating the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the 
 Federal Trade Commission (FTC) market concentration analyses and that FERC 
 should follow the lead of anti-trust enforcement officials, who could also 
 analyze mergers faster and more confidentially. He also stated that FERC 
 should review the filings after the DOJ or the FTC review them, not before, 
 and that there should be a definite time frame for review.  Hebert did 
 mention that he was pleased that RTOs and the disposition of transmission 
 assets would be exempt, that ancillary services would be considered as a 
 separate product and that the Final Rule opens the door for alternative 
 market analysis.
 
 Comm. Breathitt supported the Final Rule, stating that it should expedite the 
 approval process and that the regulatory burden should be eased due to the 
 fact that older, irrelevant requirements have been dropped.  She indicated 
 that the Final Rule balanced the need for speedy decisions while protecting 
 the public interest by stating that the process will be "efficient yet 
 sufficient".  The Commissioner said that she was pleased the Final Rule 
 addressed technical issues such as computer modeling as well as retail 
 competition and one of her main concerns, confidentiality.
 
 Comm. Massey fully supported the Final Rule, emphasizing that it would 
 improve response time, lessen the need to ask for more data and allow the 
 industry to better predict Commission actions.  Like Commissioner Breathitt, 
 Massey was pleased that the Order will allow market modeling analysis that 
 will better enable FERC to evaluate market concentration and allow applicants 
 to point to other factors when concentration appears too high.  Massey also 
 stated that the new Rule includes the ability to address many of FERC's 
 concerns, such as future mergers when they occur in succession, retail 
 competition, mitigation by the enlargement of markets through RTOs and 
 analysis of ancillary services.  In sum, he averred that the Order will 
 provide FERC with the tools it needs for accurate analysis, while taking into 
 consideration the rapid changes in the industry.
 
 Chairman Hoecker also voiced his support and noted that he felt that this was 
 a very important Rule.  In response to Comm. Hebert, Chairman Hoecker said 
 that the DOJ and FTC actually wait for FERC's report before issuing their 
 own, that the anti-trust enforcement agencies rely on FERC's expertise when 
 reviewing mergers in the electric and gas industries.  There is a major 
 positive connection between industry consolidation and RTOs and that both are 
 reconfiguring the markets and effect how they work, he noted.  Because the 
 RTOs enlarge the size of the subject market, he indicated, RTOs will help to 
 preserve competition.  Therefore, more and larger RTOs should allow for more 
 mergers, he said.  The Chairman cautioned that this is not to imply that 
 joining an RTO is a requirement for a merger, but that it would certainly be 
 viewed favorably.
 
 NYISO Bid Caps Extended Until Ancillary Service Market Shown to be Workably 
 Competitive
 
 In a 3-1 decision, with Comm. Hebert dissenting, FERC extended the existing 
 NYISO bid cap in its non-spinning reserves market and the related mandatory 
 bidding requirement until such time as that market can be determined to be 
 "workably competitive."  At the same time, FERC ordered a technical 
 conference to explore changes to the NYISO reserves market, and urged market 
 participants to reach a consensus on a preferred solution, next steps, and 
 deadlines for resolution/implementation.
 
 In so doing, FERC rejected certain aspects of NYISO's September 1 and 8, 2000 
 compliance filing, submitted pursuant to its May 31, 2000 order imposing a 
 temporary bid cap through October 31.  The ISO's efforts to correct market 
 flaws identified in the order and further strengthen market performance had 
 not yet satisfied the Commission's directives, FERC concluded.  FERC found 
 that while NYISO has achieved solid progress in certain areas, overall the 
 ISO has not shown sufficient improvement to warrant raising and then 
 gradually lifting the temporary bid cap in the ISO's non-spinning reserve 
 market by April 2001, as the ISO requested.
 
 Commissioner Reaction:
 
 Comms. Hoecker, Massey and Breathitt all endorsed the order as an "imperfect 
 solution," yet a pragmatic approach toward resolving the flaws plaguing the 
 ISO's market.  Comm. Hebert faulted the Commission for squandering an 
 opportunity to incentivize additional supply by lifting the price controls. 
 Hoecker and Breathitt joined Hebert in expressing disappointment in the lack 
 of the ISO's progress, but contended that significant outstanding issues must 
 be resolved before the bid cap can be lifted.
 
 In other action, FERC accepted NYISO's and NEPOOL's proposed Emergency Energy 
 Transaction Agreement, allowing NYISO and ISO-NE to provide emergency service 
 to each other (ER00-3638-000);
 
 Stricken items included CAE-16 (NEPOOL's 64th Agreement Amendment proposing 
 the elimination of In Service and instituting new rules governing certain 
 import transactions (ER00-3577-000)).
 
                                
 *S&P Revises MISO Outlook to Negative
 http://biz.yahoo.com/bw/001107/ny_s_p_15.html 
  - allianceexpress110700.doc
  - FF110300.pdf