
 
 Check out this link, and then read the story below.
 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/et?ac=000625542412043&rtmo=aq4CTWTJ&atmo=99999999&p
 g=/et/00/4/20/nmar20.html
 
 
 
  WAKE UP AMER  A, THIS IS WHY OUR
  FOUNDING FATHERS PUT THE SECOND
  AMENDMENT IN OUR CONSTITUTION
 
 Where We're Headed
     By Robert A. Waters
 
  On August 22, 1999, Tony Martin of Emneth, Norfolk, England,
  killed one burglar and wounded a second. In April, 2000, he was
  convicted and is now serving a life term.
 
  How did it become a crime to defend one's own life in the
  once-great British Empire?
 
  It started with the Pistols Act of 1903. This seemingly
  reasonable law forbade selling pistols to minors or felons and
  established that handgun sales were to be made only to those
  who had a license. The Firearms Act of 1920 expanded licensing
  to include not only handguns but all firearms except shotguns.
  Later laws passed in 1953 and 1967 outlawed the carrying of
  any weapon by private citizens and mandated the registration of
  all shotguns.
 
  Momentum for total handgun confiscation began in earnest after
  the Hungerford mass shooting in 1987. Michael Ryan, a
  mentally disturbed man with a Kalashnikov rifle, walked down
  the streets shooting everyone he saw. When the smoke cleared,
  17 people were dead.
 
  The British public, already de-sensitized by eighty years of "gun
  control", demanded even tougher restrictions. (The seizure of all
  privately owned handguns was the objective even though Ryan
  used a rifle.)
 
  Nine years later, at Dunblane, Scotland, Thomas Hamilton used
  a semi-automatic weapon to murder 16 children and a teacher at
  a public school.
 
  For many years, the media had portrayed all gun owners as
  mentally unstable, or worse, criminals. Now the press had a real
  kook with which to beat up law-abiding gun owners. Day after day,
  week after week, the media gave up all pretense of objectivity and
  demanded a total ban on all handguns.
  The Dunblane Inquiry, a few months later, sealed the fate of the
  few sidearms still owned by private citizens.
 
  During the years in which the British government incrementally
  took away most gun rights, the notion that a citizen had the right
  to armed self-defense came to be seen as vigilantism. Authorities
  refused to grant gun licenses to people who were threatened,
  claiming that self-defense was no longer considered a reason to
  own a gun. Citizens who shot burglars or robbers or rapists were
  charged while the real criminals were released. Indeed, after the
  Martin shooting, a police spokesman was quoted as saying, "We
  cannot have people take the law into their own hands."
 
  All of Martin's neighbors had been robbed numerous times, and
  several elderly people were severely injured in beatings by young
  thugs who had no fear of the consequences. Martin himself, a
  collector of antiques, had seen most of his collection trashed or
  stolen by burglars.
 
  When the Dunblane Inquiry ended, citizens who owned handguns
  were given three months to turn them over to local authorities.
  Being good British subjects, most people obeyed the law. The few
  who didn't were visited by police and threatened with ten-year
  prison sentences if they didn't comply.
 
  Police later bragged that they'd taken nearly 200,000 handguns
  from private citizens.
 
  How did the authorities know who had handguns?
 
  The guns had been registered and licensed. Kinda like cars.
 
  Sound familiar?
 
  WAKE UP AMERICA, THIS IS WHY OUR
  FOUNDING FATHERS PUT THE SECOND
  AMENDMENT IN OUR CONSTITUTION.
 
 
 
  - att1.htm
