
 
 FYI
  MG PLC has launched the first Internet-based metals futures trading 
 system. 
 MG, which went public on the London Stock Exchange in September, offers a 
 full trading and execution service on the London Metals Exchange.
 The system, which is called MITS, will be supported by a real-time price 
 screen for all the metals traded on the LME and includes a multi-currency 
 facility. The LME trades copper, aluminium, lead, zinc, nickel, tin, silver 
 and aluminium alloy. 
 In addition, customers can listen to a direct voice commentary from the floor 
 of the LME during trading sessions. 
 Technical analysis and market research on all LME metals is available and 
 regularly updated. Customers can also access their position and valuation 
 statements over a secure encrypted link to the firm's computer system. 
 MITS can only be accessed by registered customers of Metallgesellsc haft 
 Limited, MG's LME brokerage and trading arm. 
 "It is a customer service and it is live now to our registered customers," 
 said Michael Hutchinson, MG's joint chief executive. 
 MG's customers will also be able to listen to a direct-voice commentary from 
 the floor of the LME during trading sessions. They will also be able to 
 access their position and valuation statements over a secure encrypted link 
 to MG's computer system, MG said. 
 The LME is the world's largest non-ferrous metals market with 14 ring-dealing 
 members who participate in the twice-daily important open-outcry sessions. 
 The LME settlement prices for metals which are realized in the official 
 morning trading sessions are the benchmark reference prices for most of the 
 world's physical contracts. 
 Outside the open-outcry sessions, LME business takes place over a 24-hour 
 period via an inter-office telephone market. 
 "We are always interested in any new uses of technology. We will watch this 
 with interest," an LME spokeswoman said. 
 MG said it intended to develop its website to eventually include real-time 
 physical metal prices and premiums. 
 MG's system is the latest in a series of Internet commodity trading systems.
 
 
 ..............................................................................
 ....................................................... 
 ?
 
 MG PLC - Re Internet Trading System
 
 10/04/1999
 Regulatory News Service 
 Copyright (C) 1999 Regulatory News Service; Source: World Reporter (TM) 
 
 Introduction of the first Internet LME trading system 
 MG plc, the international metals trading business which floated on the London 
 Stock Exchange in September 1999, today announces the launch of the world's 
 first Internet based metals futures trading system, offering a full LME 
 trading and execution service. The new site can be accessed at 
 www.mgltd.co.uk and is designed to make dealing more efficient and more 
 readily accessible to customers of Metallgesellschaft Limited, MG plc's LME 
 brokerage and trading arm.
 The system, which is called MITS, will be supported by a real time price 
 screen for all the metals traded on the LME and includes a multi-currency 
 facility. In addition customers can listen to a direct voice commentary from 
 the floor of the LME during trading sessions. Technical analysis and market 
 research on all LME metals is available and regularly updated. Customers can 
 also access their position and valuation statements over a secure encrypted 
 link to the firm's computer system. 
 MITS can only be accessed by registered customers of Metallgesellschaft 
 Limited. Prospective customers can view a demonstration programme at the 
 website. The system will complement the company's traditional brokerage 
 activities. 
 Michael Hutchinson, Joint Chief Executive of MG plc, said today: 
 "The development of MITS will make our business more efficient and make 
 dealing for customers more accessible and cost-effective. Being the first LME 
 broker to provide a comprehensive E-commerce system should further improve 
 our competitive advantage, enabling us to reach all of our brokerage 
 customers with timely and accurate information." 
 MG plc intends to develop a site for its merchanting business, providing 
 real-time physical metal prices, premiums and other related information. 
 For further information: 
 Michael Hutchinson, Joint Chief Executive MG plc Tel: 0171 488 2244 
 Nick Denton/James Longfield Hogarth Partnership Tel: 0171 357 9477 
 Background on MG plc 
 MG plc is a leading independent international metals trading business 
 providing services to the global metals industry. The group is organised into 
 two operating divisions: Merchanting and Financial Services. The Merchanting 
 division is buys, sells, stores, ships and trades non-ferrous metals as a 
 principal with producers and consumers. It is the world's leading copper 
 merchant, one of the top three merchants of copper concentrates and nickel 
 and a leading European merchant of recycled metal. The Financial Services 
 division is a leading metals broker and market-maker. It is a leading LME 
 member and operates one of the leading LME metals warehousing businesses. MG 
 is headquartered in London, and employs 320 people in 14 countries around the 
 world. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange in September 1999 and has a 
 current market capitalisation of some #175 million.
 
 
 ..............................................................................
 ....................................................... 
 
 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 
 
 Travis McCullough
 Enron North America Corp.
 1400 Smith Street EB 3817
 Houston Texas 77002
 Phone:  (713) 853-1575
 Fax: (713) 646-3490      