
 
 Vasant, Tanya
 
 Any interest?
 
 
 Vince
 
 
 


   
 
 
 
 
 
 Dear Mr. McSherry:
 
 I   am   responding  to  your  search  for  credit  risk  professionals  on  
 the
 enroncredit.com   website.   After  working  for  seven  years  on  credit  
 risk
 management  in  a  research and consulting capacity, I would like to transfer 
 my
 experience  in  assessing  credit  risk  modeling,  information  technology  
 and
 methodology  in  complex  top-tier  institutions  to  an  active  credit 
 trading
 managerial   environment.   I  am  excited  about  being  involved  in  
 trading,
 origination, risk management and R&D of credit derivatives.
 
 I  have  seven years of experience in credit risk measurement and 
 management.  I
 have  helped  design,  test  and implement credit value-at-risk systems with 
 KMV
 Corp  and  with  a  major  Japanese  bank.   I was a major contributor at KMV 
 in
 designing the Expected Default Frequency model and I am thoroughly familiar 
 with
 its  assumptions,  strengths,  weaknesses and applications.  I did the 
 empirical
 research  that  lies  behind the KMV default correlation model, the private 
 firm
 EDF  model  and  I interfaced with J.P. Morgan (now R.M.G.) personnel during 
 the
 creation of the CreditMetrics documentation.
 
 I  have  excellent analytical, quantitative, statistical and programming 
 skills.
 I studied finance extensively when I was a graduate student and I studied 
 credit
 risk theory while I worked with KMV and Arthur Andersen.  I am eager to join 
 the
 credit derivative team at Enroncredit.com where I am certain that my 
 combination
 of   quantitative   research  skills,  credit  risk  consulting  experience  
 and
 technology   expertise   make  me  uniquely  qualified  to  support  the  
 credit
 derivatives trading and risk management function.
 
 I  have  included  my  resume  with this e-mail.  Please e-mail me or call me 
 at
 201-420-0191  (home)  and  212-708-4027  (work)  so  that  we  can  discuss 
 this
 opportunity further.
 
 
 
 (See attached file: Alex.doc)
 
 
 
 
 Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message.  If you
 are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery 
 of
 the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this message to 
 anyone.
 In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by
 reply email. Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent 
 to
 Internet email for messages of this kind.  Opinions, conclusions and other
 information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my
 firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it.
 
  - Alex.doc
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
