
 
 Thanks Robert, this is a big help.
 Just wondering  James Centilli should be 
 able to confirm.
 
 Let me know if we need to discuss further.  I am out of the office after 
 12:30 today to return on Monday.  I will check my voice mail.  However, If 
 you need to move on this or need additional help,  please call me on my 
 mobile number (832) 647-4610.
 
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	
 	 	
 

  
  
 Robert, here is the beginning of a note I need to send to Drew Fossum 
 explaining what we're doing with El Paso.  Can you elaborate on the "meter 
 fee" approach?  
 
 I'm not sure I really understand what keeps it from being a CIAC, and why we 
 get to include it in the rate base.  
 
 If you can add to this I would appreciate it, or just give me a call and we 
 can discuss it further.  Thanks so much for your help.
 
 ***
 
 El Paso Field Services wants TW to build interconnect facilities.  Estimated 
 cost:  $280,000.  EPFS will contribute $165,000 pursuant to an interconnect 
 agreement.  The Commercial Group would like to avoid the tax gross-up 
 associated with a contribution in aid of construction.  The Internal Revenue 
 Code expressly provides that contributions in aid of construction and other 
 contributions made by a customer or potential customer (collectively, 
 "CIACs") are not contributions to capital and thus are not excluded from 
 gross income.  Accordingly, such amounts are required to be included in gross 
 income.  
 
 EPFS has proposed, instead of the $165,000 being paid in a lump sum, that the 
 contribution instead be paid in equal monthly installments as a "meter fee."  
 Our tax department has advised me that while this approach does not absolve 
 TW from tax liability on that revenue, it does have a couple of advantages.  
 It would remove the contribution from the CIAC category (why is it not a 
 CIAC?)and TW would be allowed to include it in its rate base.  Additionally, 
 TW would be allowed to treat the interconnect facilities as a depreciable 
 asset.  
 
 
 
 
