
 
 Jay -
 
 Thanks for your note.  This definitely falls into the "(b)" category.  The 
 problem is that there are sooooo many things in the b pile already that I 
 can't tell you exactly when this will be resolved.  
 
 Having said that, I agree that the weather information is probably the least 
 risky, but it might be helpful if you were to visit their sites and see if 
 there is any comment about further use of the information posted there.  As 
 for the others, a little additional information would be helpful.  For 
 instance, I know we were in discussions with NGTL at one time and were 
 unwilling to sign the letter they asked for.  Was there ever any follow-up 
 with them on that?  Is there any correspondence at all (it doesn't have to 
 look like an official contract).  Is the Telerate information also available 
 from other sources?  Is it possible that Telerate gets it out really fast and 
 that is their advantage but others are right behind with the same or very 
 similar information?  Do we have an agreement of any kind with Telerate 
 regarding the services they provide to us?
 
 Thanks for your help and continuing attention to this - I agree we should be 
 trying to do this the "right" way.
 
 Mark
 
 
 James Bruce   03/30/2000 02:33 AM
 

   
 
 	
 
 Dear Mark (back from South America?)
 
 I received this email from Donna Greif.  It explains the sources for her data 
 which she puts on EnronOnline every day.  As best I know, Mark, we don't have 
 any agreement with any of these people for content that we place online.
 
 I'm not too concerned about the weather (it's from the Canadian and American 
 governments) but I am concerned about the NGTL data and the data we get from 
 Telerate.
 
 We have a disclaimer Online for the NGTL data, saying that it's our 
 reproduction and not a representation of what they have on their own site 
 (their own site which can be accessed through a password only!), but I think 
 this proves, rather than refutes, the fact that we're redistributing their 
 data without a right to do so.  The same applies for Teleratewe need to know exactly where we're getting our content from, and no one 
 seems to know!  So anything that you can do to help would be appreciated 
 greatly.
 
 Thanks in advance
 
 Jay
 
 
 James Bruce   03/13/2000 04:05 AM
 
 
 Dear Donna
 
 (Following the voicemail that I left for you on Friday)  I was wondering if 
 you could tell me whether or not the US Gas Storage data & the cumulative 
 CDD/HDD data are taken from inside Enron only?  (I'm asking because Paul 
 Goddard has encouraged me to update our letters of consent for content that 
 we carry on the website.)
 
 Many thanks,
 
 Jay
 
 
 
 
 
 
