
 
 Transalta, an investor-owned utility based in
 Alberta, Canada, stopped selling power to the California Independent System
 Operator at 6 p.m. PST Monday (0200 GMT Tuesday) because it fears the grid
 operator won't be able to pay, market sources told Dow Jones Newswires.
 For about eight hours Monday, Transalta sold the ISO 400 megawatts of power
 from its Centralia generating station in western Washington state at $1,000
 a megawatt-hour, the source said. The 1,000 MW will cost the ISO about $3.2
 million.
 The cost of producing electricity at the 650-MW Centralia plant is about
 $14-$15/MWh, company officials said.
 Because the ISO, which manages electricity reliability in the state, was
 buying a large quantity of power in the spot market, Transalta questioned
 the ISO's credit-worthiness.
 A Transalta spokesperson wasn't immediately available for comment Monday.
 Transalta could resume sales to the ISO at a later date. Representatives
 from the ISO wouldn't comment.
 To illustrate just how dire the supply situation in California is, other
 power suppliers, including British Columbia Hydro & Power Authority (X.BCH)
 subsidiary PowerEx, have requested that the ISO secure a letter of credit
 from one of the state's three investor-owned utilities before any
 transactions take place. Last week, Edison International (EIX) unit Southern
 California Edison did just that, issuing a letter of credit to PowerEx for
 $23 million.
 Steve Maviglio, press secretary to California Gov. Gray Davis, confirmed
 with Dow Jones Newswires that he received a telephone call from Transalta
 saying the company planned to stop selling power to the grid operator Monday
 evening.
 The ISO has since called a stage-two power emergency and requested that
 Pacific Gas & Electric Co. interrupt about 400 MW of power to large
 industrial customers who get reduced rates in exchange for having their
 power cut during peak demand periods.
 -By Jason Leopold and Mark Golden, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874;

 (END) Dow Jones Newswires 12-12-00
 1315GMT Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company Inc
 
 
 G_nther A. Pergher
 Senior Analyst
 Dow Jones & Company Inc.
 Tel.  609.520.7067
 Fax. 609.452.3531
 
 The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to
 which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged
 material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or
 taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or
 entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received
 this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any
 computer.
 
 
 
 
