
 
 Lauri,  I reviewed the contract with TGLO.  It is a standard interruptible 
 form, so we should have no issues with interruption of the gas flows.  I also 
 talked further with Dan concerning the contract.    We feel that the 
 agreement strictly refers to facilities that are directly operated by the 
 state (e.g. universities and prisons) and not school districts.  Thus, we 
 would consider HISD to not be state facilities.  This argument is not a slam 
 dunk, but we should probably take this approach and see how they react.  The 
 contract also refers to gas "destined" for state facilities.  So the fact 
 that the gas goes through another pipeline before being delivered to a state 
 facility does not matter.  It ultimately is "destined" for state facilities.
 
 
 
 
 	Lauri A Allen
 	12/05/2000 02:53 PM
 		 


 		  
 Gerald/Eric-
 
 I have a couple of questions regarding TGLO transport contract 
 012-88494-202.  We are currently delivering a volume of 28.000mm into various 
 Midcon interconnects on this contract that are designated to go to 
 Reliant/Entex for the purpose of heating HISD schools.  The transport 
 contract stipulates different rates for this delivery depending on whether 
 the gas is intended for state facilities or not.  My first question, then, 
 is:  are HISD schools considered state facilities?  And, if HISD schools are 
 considered state facilities, does the fact that this gas is being delivered 
 to them via Reliant/Entex utilizing Midcon's pipe make any difference?
 
 I am asking these questions not only to assure that we are recouping the 
 correct transport rate, but also to determine what the consequences might be 
 if I interrupt this delivery.  We are having difficulty getting enough gas 
 into Midcon to cover our Entex noms and I am just exploring my options.  I 
 would also expect that this volume should decrease when HISD closes for the 
 Christmas holidays- does the fact that this is an IT agreement give me enough 
 leverage to cut this nom if TGLO does not do so voluntarily?
 
 Thanks for your help.
 
 
 
 
