
 
 i guess this is the answer to my inquiry on cypress issue-rick
 
 

 	11/09/2000 07:18 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 Teresa:
 
 Thank you for approaching me directly about the issue of my failure to obtain 
 legal review of the subject farmout agreement in Enron Energy Capital 
 Resources' (ECR) Cypress Venture.  The circumstances of the event follow to 
 the best of my knowledge, without confirming with Allen Wilhite who is 
 presently inaccessible:
 
 Rozel Energy, led by Bill Rogers, identified a high potential / relatively 
 low risk prospect in late August on acreage held by Kelley Oil & Gas (sub of 
 Contour Energy).  He commissioned a lease check and found that Kelley 
 controlled 90%+ of the acreage, but it was set to expire on Sept. 28, 2000.
 
 Rozel, after reviewing the prospect with ECR technical personnel and 
 receiving approval to do so, sought to acquire top leases over the prospect 
 only to find that others had already top-leased a significant portion of the 
 prospect.  Had the Kelley lease expired, these parties would have controlled 
 and drilled the prospect.
 
 Rozel, with the help of Allen Wilhite, approached Kelley for a farmout.  
 Kelley asked to be presented with a prospect review under the concept that 
 Kelley would be willing to farmout approximately 50% of its interest, or 
 farmout all of its interest retaining an ORRI convertible to a WI APO or 
 higher ORRI at its option.
 
 Kelley elected to participate for 50% of its interest in the well before the 
 farmout agreement was drafted.  Kelley agreed to general terms in a brief 
 letter agreement.  Kelley sought to operate the well, which ECR rejected due 
 to Kelley's poor track record in drilling deep S. Louisiana wells.  Rozel 
 Energy is the operator in absence of Enron having an operating vehicle.  
 Rozel employed a seasoned contract operator in S. Louisiana, Stokes and 
 Speiler, who are being managed daily by Arvel Martin and Bob Devine, who each 
 have over 25 years experience in mangement of drilling operations.
 
 Inasmuch as the operation of the well was in dispute, the negotiation of the 
 JOA and the farmout agreement was strained and Kelley was non-responsive to 
 Allen's efforts to finalize the agreement.  Allen, Craig Fox, Arvel Martin 
 and I met with Kelley's Land Manager and VP of Operations and established a 
 dialogue and rapport (we thought).  The initial draft of the farmout 
 agreement was put together on Sept. 15th by Kelley and Allen.  Allen did not 
 share the draft with you then as we were still apart on certain deal 
 provisions, particularly who would operate.  ECR members were in dispute over 
 the importance of operations.
 
 With Kelley's consent and our high level of confidence that we would reach 
 terms with Kelley, we moved our rig in and spudded the well a few days prior 
 to the Sept. 28th lease expiration.  Allen and I continued to be frustrated 
 with not reaching final contract terms with Kelley after the well was 
 spudded.  I pressed Allen to finalize an agreement and he presented an 
 agreement signed by Kelley on October 16, 2000 (effective Sept. 15, 2000).   
 Following my signature and upon his departure to Kelley's offices to deliver 
 the document, I asked him if you had reviewed JOA and he said no.  I asked 
 him if it was required or customary for Legal to review JOAs, and he said it 
 was sometimes done but there are rarely revisions.  I did not ask 
 specifically about farmout agreements.  The Kelley farmout was the first 
 farmout in a directly-owned asset that I had encountered.  I failed to 
 recognize the distinction between numerous farmouts that I had seen executed 
 by our GP's in our Juniper, Bonne Terre (historically) and Texland ventures, 
 and a farmout with Enron's name on the line.
 
 It is my job as a Vice President to know what requires Legal review.  I have 
 been made aware that farmout agreements and JOA's in directly owned assets 
 (as opposed to LP's with a GP such as Juniper) require Legal review and 
 signoff.  The compliance meeting last week underscored that point.  We had 
 outside counsel (Lisa Jaubert) under your direction review the Tri-C and 
 Manti farmout agreements and your initials are evidence of your approval. 
 
 I respect you as an attorney and business partner and commit that I will be 
 diligent about obtaining your review of agreements and ask you when in doubt 
 as to whether legal review and approval is required on a particular item or 
 issue.
 
 The demands that our large oil & gas exploration portfolio places on you is 
 another issue that we should discuss.  The Bonne Terre, Cypress and Vastar 
 ventures have significant drilling activity that has commenced and will 
 continue.  Dissolution of Bonne Terre and distribution of the assets to ENA 
 (to be held in BT Exploration LLC) will increase the legal and commercial 
 activity level.  We have another prospect in Cypress that is being promoted 
 and will be spudded in the next 10 days, so expect to see a farmout agreement 
 on the S. Riceville prospect late next week.
 
 I would be pleased to discuss these matters with you and Mark Haedicke in 
 person if you desire.  I regret my failure to obtain your review and approval 
 of the Kelley farmout agreement and commit to preventing a repeat of the 
 mistake.  I am concerned about the pace of agreements that we face in the 
 immediate future on our direct-owned ventures.   I look forward to working 
 with you on ways to better manage our business process in Cypress-Acadian, 
 Bonne Terre & Vastar ventures. 
 
 
 
