
 
 Yes, thanks.  I was aware of that joyous news.  I am going to see if I can 
 get a copy of the petition to review all the allegations in detail.  Thanks.  
 Michelle
 
 
 
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	

 	
 

   
 You've probably seen this already, but just in case..... also, their 
 performance review process sounds a lot like ours!
 
 
 No. 200
 Monday, October 16, 2000 Page A-3
 ISSN 1522-5968
 
 News 
  
 Discrimination Suit 
 Filed by Microsoft Salaried Employee
 Alleges Discrimination Based on Race, Sex 
 
 
 
 SEATTLEare "systemic in nature, 
 and constitute a pattern and practice of conduct which permeates Microsoft's 
 operations," the lawsuit maintains. 
 
 
 'Excessive Subjectivity' Alleged
 
 The complaint said the company allows "excessive subjectivity" in decisions 
 involving promotions and compensation. Microsoft has retaliated against 
 employees in the class who complained "either internally or externally about 
 Microsoft's treatment of African American and female employees by giving 
 unjustified lowered performance evaluations and constructively terminating 
 them."
  
 The lawsuit said the company "uses an excessively subjective evaluation 
 system" that allows managers "who are predominantly white males, to rate 
 employees based upon their own biases rather than based upon merit." 
 Performance evaluations, for instance, use a five-point scale, but scores of 
 five, the highest number, are not awarded. Within any organization of the 
 company, only a certain number of employees are allowed to receive each 
 score, which can range from 2.5 to 4.5, the lawsuit said. 
 
 "Thus, no matter how good or bad the actual performance of employees a 
 certain number of them must still receive the lower scores." Any employee 
 with a 2.5 score is placed on a "personal improvement plan" or asked to 
 resign, the complaint said. 
 
 "Stack rankings" are used to rank employees in the same job category and 
 organizational unit from best to worst, the complaint said. Employees can be 
 ranked higher under the stack ranking than others who receive numerically 
 higher performance evaluations, the lawsuit said. 
 
 "Obtaining higher stack rankings is often governed by an employees' personal 
 popularity with other managers" because the rankings mix employees working 
 for different managers. 
 
 In addition to allowing discrimination in performance appraisals, the company 
 also has a pattern of paying African American and female employees salaries 
 "substantially lower" than those paid white males doing similar work, with 
 the same or lesser skills, and with similar or lesser experience, the lawsuit 
 said. 
 
 Furthermore, "excessively subjective decisionmaking criteria" are applied in 
 promotions, which favor white males with fewer qualifications than African 
 Americans and female employees. 
 
 
 
 By Nan Netherton
 
 
 
 Copyright , 2000 by The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc., Washington D.C.
 
 
