
 
  who are we producing
 this  information to and for what purpose; (6) Enron favors public
 disclosure of trading data but only if all participants are required to
 do so; (7) Enron is a small player in this market and many other market
 participants are not involved in the process BPA etc.    PRO:  This
 may be the only way to preserve Enron's challenge to the jurisdiction of the
 PUC to get this data.  Moreover, in the  current political
 environment there is no assurance where this information will be leaked.  It
 also makes sense to see what FERC  will do with their published 11/1/00
 report on investigation date. Under this option, we file our formal
 objections and sit back and  wait.
 
 6. ME TOO
  Upon reflection, we agree with the approach taken by the other
 market participants.  We will not produce until the protective order  is
 modified and then only data that is within the PUC jurisdiction.  PRO:  This
 makes it look like all the market participants are  acting in concert
 and really is no different than option 1 above.  Moreover, if you read
 Reliant's responses, they appear ready to  turn over financial data if
 the protective order is modified. (Terry and Mike Day are both out of their
 offices today.)  Note that  Williams is adopting a strategy that says
 the PUC needs to go to Superior Court to enforce its subpoena.  This may be
 met with  strong opposition by the PUC given their California
 constitutional contempt authority.
 
 7. MOVE TO QUASH BEFORE THE ALJ
  Here we would raise all of the arguments that we have about why the
 PUC does not have jurisdiction and fight it out on the merits  before the
 ALJ.  PRO:  The ALJ is a forum to raise the jurisdictional questions.  It
 has the least procedural risks of being  dismissed.  CON:  Reading
 the tea leaves, we believe it unlikely that the ALJ will determine that the
 PUC has no jurisdiction.
  Moreover, because the PUC has its own constitutionally granted
 contempt power, the PUC will take the view (according to Mike  Day) that
 they need not go to the Superior Court for enforcement.  They will also take
 the view that the Superior Court has no  jurisdiction  to hear our
 appeal.  Appeals have to go to the PUC and those orders are appealable at
 the Court of Appeal level.   Thus, the only de novo review of our
 objections might be at the ALJ level.
 
 8. FILE DECLARATORY RELIEF ACTION IN FEDERAL COURT IN CALIFORNIA
  We would claim federal question jurisdiction under the Federal Power
 Act and in particular the provisions of 824(g) under which the PUC
 issued its subpoena in part.  The dispute to be decided is whether the PUC
 has the jurisdiction to seek the profit and  loss information from the
 wholesale market.  The authority for this would be Mississippi Power & Light
 v. Mississippi  487 US  354 (bright line between wholesale market regulated
 by FERC and the retail market regulated by states); Bristol Energy Corp v.
 New Hampshire 13 F.3d 471 (1st Cir. 1994)(federal question whether state
 agency can inquire into business and financial data  in the wholesale
 market but found no cognizable claim.)  PRO:  The federal forum may be more
 even handed than the ALJ, but  the question is whether we can state a
 cognizable claim.  There may be greater protections from disclosure of the
 information as  well.  CON:  The PUC may continue on a parallel track unless
 we are able to obtain injunctive relief.  The PUC might seek  discovery of
 the same information in the Federal court proceeding.  We should assume that
 this action will trigger the strongest  response from the PUC and/or the AG
 in form of further investigations or alternative forums for getting the same
 information (e.g  unfair business practice suit, price gouging,
 anti-trust etc.).   We should anticipate deposition requests for traders
 etc.  By taking  this position, we will clearly be conceding that if
 FERC asks for the data it is germane to their authority.
 
 9. SEPARATE RESPONSES/STRATEGIES FOR DIFFERENT ENRON ENTITIES
  It may make some sense to chart a different course for Portland
 General, EES and EEMC and continue to produce some data from  those
 entities.  PRO:  The information provided for these entities is not likely
 to generate profit and loss information that would be  germane to the fight
 we are about to engage in (e.g. EES's description of % off tariff rates for
 example.)  For Portland General,  Dave Aamodt is out of the office and
 not able to participate in any change of direction discussions.
 
 Hope this is helpful.
 Thanks
 Gary
 
 
 This email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may 
 contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, 
 use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended 
 recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of 
 the original message.
 
 To reply to our email administrator directly, send an email to 

 BROBECK PHLEGER & HARRISON LLP
 http://www.brobeck.com
 
 
 
