
 
 Gina,
 
 Have we figured out what happened here?  I haven't heard anything in a while.
 
 Michelle
 
 
 
 

 07/06/2000 10:01 AM

   
 After having lived through another PRC process, it has become exceedingly 
 obvious that there are several issues that need improvement in the process.  
 With all our discussions about Communication within Enron, I am now 
 communicating to your level issues that I have communicated in years past to 
 other parties without change.
 
 1)  Enron needs to lay out the groundrules in total that will pertain to the 
 upcoming review period and communicate them in advance of the review period, 
 not during the PRC process to be applied after the performance has already 
 occurred and upon which each employee cannot change their behavior for such 
 review period.  This is only fair to our employees so that they know the 
 criteria upon which they will be evaluated in advance.
 
 2)  The PRC system needs to be changed whereby any and all people that are 
 willing to provide input on performance of any individual can be done without 
 a bunch of red tape.  There is this idea that unsolicited input works within 
 the system, but it requires too much effort to get throught the hurdles and 
 it still requires that the supervisor approve such input.  There needs to be 
 an unobstructed communication line for this input.  The theory of upward 
 feedback should also be questioned.  I have never been asked to provide input 
 to my direct boss (President of Houston Pipe Line) in all the years that I 
 have worked for that position.  Are Managing Directors exempt from this 
 process?  This issue is also addressed in #3 below in a different manner.  
 How can appropriate feedback be given if those that work directly with 
 individuals are not given the opportunity to communicate?
 
 3)  There is still way too much preferrential selection of reviewers in the 
 process.  There should be set out for each employee a listing of absolute 
 minimum reviewers (certain people) that must be solicited, depending upon the 
 job function.  I have seen too many circumstances where the obvious people to 
 provide input were not even solicited.  There was one individual that 
 partially worked directly for another during this past review period and was 
 not even asked for input.
 
 4)  What constitutes an average employee and what that category is within our 
 PRC definitions is still being debated.  It has been described by several HR 
 representatives that it is either/and both Strong or Satisfactory.  Neither 
 one of the definitions describes such performance as "simply doing the job".  
 Because of such confusion, the reviewers when they provide input do not 
 effectively and precisely rate the employee.  What we end up with in the PRC 
 is an over-inflated representation of each employee and the committee has to 
 pull the entire group back a notch.  With better definitions and 
 communication to our employees on how to interpret the definitions, it will 
 give us a better process and set the standards in writing that seem to be 
 lacking.
 
 Thanks for your listening ear.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
