
 
  What do I need to do?  Should I end the exitsting contracts effective 
 4/30/00 and create new ones effective 5/1/00?  Does Marlene need to create a 
 new type of FT rate service to make these contracts appear different ( maybe 
 that has already been done)?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Marlene Hilliard
 05/03/2000 05:01 PM

   
 I was not aware ot the Sonat Style.  In that case, an IT request is not 
 necessary.
 
 
 Marlene Hilliard
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	
 	 	
 


  
 Richard,
 
 I trust you're on top of this.....let me know if you'd like my help!
 
 Thanks!
 
 dg
 
 
 
 
 

  
 DG & RP,
 
 National Fuel says they are 100% using the GISB pathed model type.  Our Unify 
 noms are non-pathed.
 
 1) Can you look at the National Fuel invoice and verify that the accounting 
 area will still work effortlessly if we change Unify to pathed.
 2) If we elect to change Unify's model type to pathed, let's do it just like 
 we did Southern Natural.  And, I would like this done for May 1 noms in 
 production and have the Scheduler (Beverly?) path in this new model type 
 manner.  We are suppose to be getting scheduled quantities in production 
 starting tomorrow, unless ECOM prevents it, so you'll be able to see what the 
 pipe expects in the pathed model type.
 3) If we elect to NOT change Unify's model type to pathed, I guess we can't 
 ever edi this pipe unless I can figure out some clever way to join up the 
 noms.
 
 Beverly, Do you think it would be a problem to start entering the upstream 
 k's and downstream k's when you path in Unify.  The pipe told me this is 
 mandatory data unless the nom is involved in the Appalachian area.  If it is 
 a problem, don't do, I don't want to slow you down since you have to enter 
 the data twice today.  If and when we do edi, we'll need the up/down k's 
 entered at that time.
 
 Thanks, Diane
 x3-9931
 
 >
 
 >> 3) Please confirm that your model type is always "P" pathed from noms all 
 the
 >> way down to invoices.
 
     Our model type is always "P" for pathed.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
