
 
 Privileged and Confidential
 This email contains legal advice
 
 Hoyt and Melissa,
 
 I am assuming that we are discussing contract personnel who provide some sort 
 of services for MG/RW.  It looks like there may be some key personnel we want 
 to employ, but that there are many whom we don't want to hire.   I am not 
 really familiar with the specific facts here.
 
 The question of a joint employer arises when a company treats its contract 
 personnel like its own 
 
 
 Hoyt Thomas
 08/08/2000 02:01 PM

  
  Bath LA  
 
 Melissa, my concern is that we may get hit with what is called a 
 "co-employment suit" in the US.  This is where an agency employee claims that 
 he/she was treated like an employee, therefore he/she should get employee 
 benefits (vs. benefits from the agency company, which are probably weak).  
 Since we did a share purchase of MG, if the agency employees filed a suit 
 against MG claiming that they are really employees, I think that we would 
 have to defend it.
 
 I am not an attorney, but I am going to send this to Michelle Cash, who can 
 advise us on the position we should take.  I would think that if we single 
 out certain employees to become Enron employees and the remainder stay as 
 agency employees, this would enhance the legal position of the agency 
 employees (versus everyone staying as an agency employee).  Michelle, can you 
 help us with this one?  Thanks.
 
 Melissa, I also think we should minimize distribution on this discussion . . 
 . 
 
 
    
 	Enron Europe
 	

 	
 


 
  
 Hi Hoyt,
 
 I have today spoken to Ed Dablin regarding Henry Bath LA.  We discussed how 
 the employees seem to feel that they are Enron employees, although they are 
 infact agency workers.  Ed confirmed that Martha and half a dozen other 
 employees quite clearly should become Enron employees and should get 
 applicable benefits.
 
 The other employees (who are mainly manual employees) he does not feel should 
 become Enron employees and should remain as agency staff.
 
 He realises that the original granting of Share Options has slightly "muddied 
 the water" with regard to whether these employees are employees of Enron or 
 the agency.  He was not involved with the original decision to grant these 
 employees Share Options.
 
 We discussed the issues (in broad terms, as I could not remember all of the 
 specific issues) and he is aware that making a limited number of individuals 
 Enron employees, whilst the others remain agency workers, is not an easy 
 thing to do.  
 
 However, this is his ideal scenario.  How viable is it that we can do this 
 for him?
 
 He also made the point that Martha is the most senior executive in Henry Bath 
 Inc. and is one of his most valuable employees.
 
 Regards
 
 Melissa
 
 
 
 
 
 
