
 
 I am very interested in pursuing this and I believe Enron presents an ideal 
 case study for the purposes you outlined.  I am copying Christie Patrick on 
 this message and asking her to coordinate this for us.  Christie has worked 
 on other case studies and will be very helpful in navigating Enron for you.
 
 
 

 	11/03/2000 10:46 AM
 		 


 		  
 Steve,
 
 Wanted to thank you again for reviewing the strategy as simple rules 
 article.  It is forthcoming in the next Harvard Business Review and will send 
 you some reprints once the magazine hits the newsstands. 
 
 Also wanted to gauge your interest in a possible even at the Harvard Business 
 School in April 2001.  We are currently finalizing our plans for the 
 Entrepreneurial Managereach of whom sat in at least one 
 of our class discussions.  In addition, Scott Cook spoke to the entire MBA 
 class.  We would like to follow the same format this year, so it would be 
 super if either Jeff or Ken (or in the best of all worlds, both!) could speak 
 to the MBAs as a whole.  With Intuit last year, we kicked off at about 8:30 
 and wrapped everything up by approximately 1:00.  We would shoot for roughly 
 similar timing this year.  
 
 Many of our students equate entrepreneurship with start-ups, and this day is 
 designed to show them that it is possible (although extremely difficult) for 
 large companies to be entrepreneurial.  As such, you and your colleagues 
 would be providing an invaluable service to our students, and we would be 
 deeply grateful for your contribution.  The event might also have some direct 
 benefits to Enron in terms of increased profile among our students.  If you 
 were interested, we could also explore opportunities to leverage this event 
 to further increase Enron's profile as a leader of the New Economy.  We 
 might, for instance, bundle the case study with a teaching note and edited 
 video as a module on "entrepreneurship in large companies" and distribute it 
 to other business schools through Harvard Business School press.  My 
 colleagues and I would be most grateful for your cooperation and would be 
 happy to explore ways that you might increase your return on the time 
 invested.  
 
 Please let me know if this opportunity might be of interest to you and your 
 colleagues and how you would like to proceed.  I very much look forward to 
 hearing from you.  
 
 Don
 
 Donald N. Sull
 South Hall 211
 Harvard Business School
 Boston, MA  USA  02163

 telephone:  617 496 7179
 fax:  617 495-3817
 home page:  http://www.people.hbs.edu/dsull/bio.html
 assistant:  Maurie SuDock (617 495-6473) 
