
 
 Rob, we may be saying the same thing here - for the EES outsourcing 
 proposition (which is more than just asset management) as being defined by 
 Rodney et al should be managed together by Industrial Origination and ECC.  
 Although, I would agree that ECC should lead the sale process.  My view is 
 that we should not and will not recreate the structuring, customer facing and 
 execution requirements in Canada and Mexico required to do these deals. It is 
 an important strategic iniative for ENA to complete a number of these deals. 
 The problem is that a clear target list, joint accountabilities and schedule 
 between the groups has not been rolled out which was discussed at Columbia 
 Lakes.  All other industrial business other than P&P commodity/asset business 
 is the perview of ECC.
 
 Ultimately, I have not seen any outsourcing transactions from Canada in the 
 deal structuring/due diligence queue.  The US group can help get these done 
 and can help in the pitch.
 
 Regards
 Delainey
 
 
 
 Paul Devries
 07/25/2000 01:30 PM

   
 Rob, We just had a very good meeting with Tembec about Energy procurement and 
 energy outsourcing.  While the meeting went well, I am very confused about 
 the Enron team making the pitch to them.  My understanding is that the 
 Canadian originators - particularly the Toronto team for Eastern Canadian 
 companies will be responsible for everything except for pulp and paper swaps 
 and to some extent, new SPV's.
 
 In this instance,
 
 1.  Tembec is a Canadian Company
 2.  All their assets are in Canada
 3.  Jan has been working with Tembec people in their largest facility
 4.  We know the executive team at Tembec
 5.  We clearly are very knowleadgable in all aspects of the Ontario energy 
 market which is their focus right now
 6.  We understand and are pitching the overall energy outsourcing arrangement 
 similar to the US pitches
 
 With this in mind, I am not sure why Kellie Metcalf and Bob Anderson flew up 
 here (6 hours flight time there and back, $4,000 to $5,000 in flights and 
 hotels) for a 4 hour meeting with Tembec.  Kelly was quite vocal in saying 
 that this is a client they want to serve out of Houston.  I have stated to 
 her that that does not make any sense in terms of efficiency and costs and 
 knowledge of the market where Tembec's assets are.  Obviously, much of the 
 technical engineering work would and should be done by the engineering team 
 put together in the Industrial Services Group should a deal be struck.  
 However, the commercial negotiations and marketing should be led by this 
 office!!!
 
 I thought this had been agreed to already.  We managed to piece up the 
 meeting and deliver the "Enron" message, but going forward we need to have 
 this resolved.
 
 
 Cheers, Paul D
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
