
 
 Shirley,
 
 Iris  took another job.
 
 Vince
 
 
 
 
 
 Shirley Crenshaw
 07/20/2000 03:46 PM

   
 Vince:
 
 Since Teresa is no longer here was anything every done about this?  Do
 you still want to?
 
 Thanks!
 
 Shirley
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Vince J Kaminski
 06/16/2000 10:14 AM


  
 Teresa,
 
 I would like to invite Iris for an interview in Houston.
 She works currently in London Can you call her
 and ask when she is planning to visit the States.
 We could pay the airfare from a location in the States.
 
 I would hate to pay the 1st class ticket from London to Houston,
 though I would go for it, if necessary (I don't
 want a candidate to think that we are that cheap).
 Business class is a standard
 for business related, cross-Atlantic flights. 
 
 I would be more comfortable if you could negotiate this issue.
 
 Thanks 
 
 Vince
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This message is confidential; its contents do not constitute a
 commitment by BNP Paribas Group* except where provided
 for in a written agreement between you and BNP Paribas Group*.
 Any unauthorised disclosure, use or dissemination, either
 whole or partial, is prohibited. If you are not the intended
 recipient of the message, please notify the sender immediately.
 *BNP Paribas Group  is a trading name of BNP SA and Paribas SA
 
 Ce message est confidentiel; son contenu ne represente en
 aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe BNP Paribas*
 sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le
 groupe BNP Paribas*. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion,
 meme partielle, doit etre autorisee prealablement. Si vous n'etes
 pas destinataire de ce message, merci d'en avertir immediatement
 l'expediteur.
 *Le groupe BNP Paribas est le nom commercial utilise par BNP SA et Paribas
 SA
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
 
 
 
 
 (See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
 
 
 
 
 (See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
 
 
 
 
 (See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
 
 
 
 
  - Iris Marie Mack.doc
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
