
 
 Kelly,  I am handling Mexico and Canada.  Thanks.  Michelle
 
 
 
 

 	06/07/2000 02:21 PM
 		 


 		  
 Michelle:
  I got the answer to the voicemail message I left for you about which lawyer 
 would be the contact for the Enron Europe countries for the new Enron 
 employee stock option plan.  Jon Chapman will be responsible for Norway, 
 Poland, Spain, Sweden and Turkey (and any other Enron Europe countries that 
 are added between now and December).  I assume you are the appropriate lawyer 
 for Mexico.  (If not, please forward this message to the right lawyer, and cc 
 me so that I know who it is!)  Please read the message below for an 
 explanation of the first action item (due June 23rd).  The Mexico spreadsheet 
 is contained in the file marked "CALME AESOP" at the  end of Jana's message.  
 Thanks for your help!
 
 Kelly
 
 
 	Jana Domke
 	06/02/2000 04:13 PM
 		 











 		  
 If you attended the recent AESOP meeting, you are aware that the approval for 
 establishing an Enron AESOP 2000 Program was granted by the Executive 
 Committee on April 6, 2000.  In most instances, the plan design replicates 
 the prior Plan parameters.  However, on an international basis, there have 
 been numerous regulatory and legislative changes which may impact this 
 program.
 
 Attached are individual Country Summary Highlights which consolidate the 
 various accounting/tax/legal/banking/human resource, etc. details and issues 
 into one document.  This consolidated document is based not only on 
 information gleaned from the previous AESOP inplementation, but it also 
 reflects the most recent local tax changes - at least based upon the 
 information we have here.
 
 Because successful Plan implementation and rollout is predicated upon solid 
 information, understanding and interpretation, we need your assistance.  
 Please coordinate review of the your appropriate country documents with your 
 local financial, legal, tax and/or other professionals, as required.  We want 
 to ensure that AESOP incents our employees and reinforces the "One ENRON" 
 philosophy - but at the same time, we need to ensure this program is cost 
 effective, tax efficient, legally defensible and culturally acceptable in 
 your areas of responsibility. 
 
 Please document any specific issues and/or concerns, and where appropriate, 
 provide input on viable options, corrective action, etc.. Also, if you have 
 plans to be in other foreign locations prior to AESOP implementation and they 
 need to be included, please advise ASAP.  Please send your responses via 
 e-mail to either Dung Huynh or myself or by fax to (713) 646-7203.  If you 

 345-6142.  Our timeline is tight so would appreciate your responses at the 
 latest by June 23rd - earlier if possible.  
 
 Once we have the input, we'll roll this information up into a revised Summary 
 Document, identifying issues that need further assessment/discussion and move 
 forward to coordiinate final resolution with the AESOP team members.
 
 
 Appreciate your assistance!
 
 Regards/Jana Domke & Dung Huynh
 
 
 PS - I apologize ahead of time for not getting all the countries correctly 
 sorted by region.  You may need to extrapolate your specific locations from 
 one or more of the following attachments. 
 
 Attachments 
 
 
                 
 
 
