
 
 adventure reading below
 















    
 Dear All,
 
 Welcome back mum and dad, hope India was fab. The gang over here think the
 Weltons are trying to take over the world.
 Well, it has been a long time since the last update. This is due to Malawi
 being a very friendly but poor country.
 The adventures in the last 9 days are too much to go into too much detail.
 The partying started in ernest at Lake Malawi, up until then the driver
 thought we were a little slow, I was up late, but everyone else was flaking.
 
 Our first big night the weltons did well, winning a drinking game each and
 not being any of the 3 people that passed out. The next big night a few days
 
 later we didn't do so well, the other boys think it is very amusing to get
 J-H plastered and they have found 2 drinking games that he is really bad at.
 
 He has even started praticing on the truck as we travel around. That night
 though was a bad taste night and we had all had a budget and went to a
 clothes market and bought each other outfits. Everyone was hoping I looked
 bad, but a very nice unimaginative bloke just bought me an overall, I was
 disappointed. All the lads had frocks, J-H had a fetching orange silky
 blouse and silky skirt, he looked surprisingly fetching. Slightly less so
 when passed out on the toilets 3 hrs later, or passed out on the floor in
 front of the toilets, and he annoyed a few people when he woke up at 4.30 am
 
 demanding to know where the party was - loudly. Apart from the parties we
 have seen and done other things we have visited a school, a hospital, a
 mountain or 2, had a tribal village meal and a brewery. That last one was
 really tough. The gang are getting on really well, some how a hitch-hiker
 has joined us, but he's cool. We had a couple of days of heavy rain, so
 people were getting fed up with the tents, the mozzies have been on great
 form, but its Africa and we love it. The crew have been trying to persuade
 us to stay till Cape Town and if I didn't have fixed plans I would be here a
 
 few more months. I shall return.
 Now we are in Harare the capital of Zim. Just to make any of you sports
 lovers sick, we have found out where the England cricket team are and will
 be going to their hotel to watch the 6-nations rugby this pm and supporting
 them in their one day against Zim tomorrow. As I said its a hard life. Last
 night we went to a local night club and the band were amazing and still
 going when we left at 3.30 am. I have just enough time to do a spot of
 shopping before going to find Goughie and the boys.
 I have probably left loads out, but nevermind, you are all going to have to
 listen to my stories anyway.
 Tessa

 Get Your Private, Free Email at http://www.hotmail.com
