
 
 One for you, too.
 
 Jeff
 
 
 Q: But if Florida's certification includes counts expressly declared by the
 US Supreme Court to be unconstitutional, we don't know who really won the
 election there, right?
 
 A: Right. Though a careful analysis by the Miami Herald shows Gore won
 Florida by about 20,000 votes (excluding the butterfly ballot errors)
 
 Q: So, what do we do, have a re-vote? throw out the entire state? count
 under a single uniform standard?
 
 A: No. We just don't count the votes that favor Gore.
 
 Q: That's completely bizarre! That sounds like rank political favoritism!
 Did the justices have any financial interest in the case?
 
 A: Scalia's two sons are both lawyers working for Bush. Thomas's wife is
 collecting applications for people who want to work in the Bush
 administration.
 
 Q: Why didn't they recuse themselves?
 
 A: If either had recused himself, the vote would be 4-4, and the Florida
 Supreme Court decision allowing recounts would have been affirmed.
 
 Q: I can't believe the justices acted in such a blatantly political way.
 
 A: Read the opinions for yourself:
 http://frwebgate.access.gpo.gov/supremecourt/00-949_dec12.pdf (December 9
 stay stopping the recount)
 http://www.supremecourtus.gov/opinions/00pdf/00-949.pdf (December 12
 opinion)
 
 Q: So what are the consequences of this?
 
 A: The guy who got the most votes in the US and in Florida and under our
 Constitution (Al Gore) will lose to America's second choice who won the all
 important 5-4 Supreme Court vote.
 
 Q: I thought in a democracy, the guy with the most votes wins.
 
 A: True, in a democracy. But America is not a democracy. In America in 2000,
 the guy with the most US Supreme Court votes wins.
 
 Q: So what will happen to the Supreme Court when Bush becomes President?
 
 A: He will appoint more justices in the mode of Thomas and Scalia to ensure
 that the will of the people is less and less respected. Soon lawless
 justices may constitute 6-3 or even 7-2 on the court.
 
 Q: Is there any way to stop this?
 
 A: YES. No federal judge can be confirmed without a vote in the Senate. It
 takes 60 votes to break a filibuster. If only 41 of the 50 Democratic
 Senators stand up to Bush and his Supremes and say that they will not
 approve a single judge appointed by him until a President can be
 democratically elected in 2004, the judicial reign of terror can end....and
 one day we can hope to return to the rule of law.
 
 Q: What do I do now?
 
 A: Email this to everyone you know, and write or call your senator,
 reminding him that Gore beat Bush by several hundred thousand votes (three
 times Kennedy's margin over Nixon) and that you believe that VOTERS rather
 than JUDGES should determine who wins an election by counting every vote.
 And to protect our judiciary from overturning the will of the people, you
 want them to confirm NO NEW JUDGES until 2004 when a president is finally
 chosen by most of the American people.
 
 Mark H. Levine Attorney at Law
 
 
 
 
 
