
 
 Bruce:  I think your suggestion makes sense.  An e-mail or voicemail on major 
 developments as they occur would be helpful.  Thanks,   Mark
 
 
 

 	12/13/2000 06:01 AM
 		 

 		  		  
 Mark -
 
 I thought that I would keep you informed of major decisions or analysis on 
 Dahbol from time to time.
 
 I was pleased to see the quality of our lawyers in India.  I think that it is 
 a solid internal team and we will be relying on the same external lawyers 
 that we have used throughout the life of the project.
 
 Bruce
 
 
 
 
 Sandeep Katwala
 12/11/2000 07:43 AM



 
  
 Bruce,
 Lauren, Narayan and Kunal have completed their review of DPC compliance with 
 clearances. Based on discussions with DPC personnel and a review of 
 correspondence where relevant, no material non-compliance issues have 
 surfaced which I feel would pose a problem under the PPA. There are two 
 instances under the Reserve Bank of India approvals DPC has failed to submit 
 reports to the Ministry of Finance within the time frame indicated; these are 
 however minor issues. We have to accept that there may be practical instances 
 where there may not be strict compliance at the site (eg the actual 
 construction of physical assets is not strictly as per the layout approved by 
 the authorities) but, from the discussions with DPC personnel none of these 
 have come to light. On the environment approvals DPC has submitted compliance 
 statements to the Maharashtra State Pollution Control Board which confirm 
 that DPC is in compliance with the conditions in the relevant approvals. We 
 have relied on these statements as being accurate. 
 
 With respect to the water pollution issue, as we saw on Saturday, DPC has 
 notified MPCB pursuant to the show cause notice of the measures taken to 
 mitigate the pollution off the site. That correspondence seemed to indicate 
 that there should be no further problems with this issue. However, my sense 
 is that we have not seen the end of this issue and in particular, the report 
 currently being prepared by GSDA has not yet surfaced in final form. There is 
 no guarantee that it will be positive. Shobhan's view that it is difficult to 
 see how a Court would support an injunction of some sort shutting down the 
 plant "permanently" given the remedial measures taken by DPC is persuasive - 
 you can however see that it provides excellent ammunition for PR purposes.
 
 Sandeep
 
 
 
 Paul Kraske
 12/11/2000 06:23 PM





 
  
 Gentlemen-
 Attached is a short note we prepared summarizing our conclusions after an 
 initial review of PPA compliance.  Please feel free to call if you have any 
 questions regarding the attached.  Regards,
 Paul
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
