
 
 Steve,
 
 Yes, I read it. I am going to talk about it with Ted Murphy and possibly Rick 
 Buy.
 As you have correctly pointed out, the model validation issues cannot
 be handled  internally by Research. 
 
 The problem is that everybody is swamped right now with
 PRCs and end-of-year issues.
 
 I don't think we shall send our  full  VaR model under any circumstances.
 We can offer to sell a reduced version based on RiskMetrics.
 
 By the way, our meeting Tuesday will start at 11:00  a.m., Houston time.
 
 
 Vince
 
 
 
 
 Steven Leppard
 12/18/2000 04:25 AM


  
 Hi Vince - did you read this email I sent you?  We're waiting for some 
 guidance!
 
 Shirley - is Vince around?
 
 Thanks,
 Steve
 
    
 
 

         08/12/2000 19:54	
 	
 	
 	                           
 	
 



 
  
 James
 
 I called and left a voicemail but I thought for the benefit of the CC's on 
 this, my view is that RAC have never been required to sign off on valuation 
 methods. The standard models used at Enron, like SPRDOPT and other routines 
 in Exotica.xls are written by Research and therefore I have always assumed 
 endorsed by Research. Having said that I do believe firmly that all RAC - MRM 
 folks should have a deep understanding of the way products are valued and be 
 able to assess and challenge a method. 
 
 I am also happy to provide assistance in the process of designing a method 
 but I wouldn't want either of us to feel that RAC are in the way of progress 
 by being embedded in a project plan. 
 
 In this instance, given the appropriate documentation, I would imagine the 
 time taken to assess the EnergyDesk methodology would be very short - what do 
 you have that I could look at ?
 
 DP
 
 
 
 

 12/08/2000 12:38 PM


 
  
 I would like to try to clear up a few things regarding the proposed 
 implementation of EnergyDesk into Oslo. 
 
 I thought that it was a requirement that all valuation engines (and any 
 future changes to the valuation code) are required to be signed off by 
 research and RAC before they can be used to value the firm's positions. If 
 this is true then this is all I am looking to get onto the project plan the 
 time estimates you need to complete your review process. If there is no 
 requirement for RAC or research to sign off new or changed valuation engines 
 then I will trouble you no further.
 
 Thanks James
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
