
 
 print
  an announcement of the IRS's point 
 of view.  The news is that the IRS is getting out of the business of issuing 
 private letter rulings to private taxpayers in the synfuel business, which 
 has been an important source of comfort to many investors, but not 
 necessarily vital.  Deals get done all the time without the benefit of having 
 a private letter ruling from the IRS (generally in reliance on an opinion of 
 outside counsel).  We just need to think in terms of what the landscape looks 
 like in the absence of getting a new ruling.
 
 One approach would be to follow through with our plans for Pacificorp's 
 facilties, meaning we would relocate them, and continue running run-of-mine 
 coal, the IRS be damned, and just find an equity player with a greater risk 
 profile than Pacificorp.  In short, we would need companies who are willing 
 to rely on Pacificorp's existing rulings, period (along with an appropriate 
 indemnity).   It seems to me that if the price is right, someone ought to be 
 willing to step up.   While the risk is now greater, the potential returns 
 are potentially mind-blowing, and an equity player ought to be able to get an 
 opinion of outside counsel vouching for the viability of the credits, 
 notwithstanding the IRS' current view of the law.  It seems to me that this 
 is the only approach that makes sense.
 
 Alternatively, Pacificorp's facilities could revert back to being a pure coal 
 fine processing facilities in an atttempt to conform with the IRS's recent 
 announcement.  The IRS announcement implicitly endorses facilities that 
 process "waste coal fines," so such facilities could still qualify for new 
 private letter rulings.  The IRS announcement defines the term "waste coal 
 fines" very vaguely, not specifying either the coal size, or what it is that 
 makes coal fines properly viewed as "waste" coal fines.  If you think in 
 lawyerly terms and try to deconstruct the literal language they use in their 
 announcement, I can envision that Enron could synthetically create "waste" 
 coal fines by rewriting some of our coal supply contracts with utility 
 customers to provide for the sale of only coal of 3/4 inches or greater, 
 resulting in a residual category of "unwanted" coal that we could separately 
 market to synfuel plants as "waste" coal fines.  In other words, they could 
 be fairly described as "waste" insofar as another coal customer specifically 
 excluded it from their contract.  In addition, the IRS announcement does not 
 require a waste coal fine processing facility to pelletize its output, as 
 some commontators had feared, which is a helpful development because the 
 pelletizing process would be a tremendous drag on capacity.  
 
 However, there are real difficulties with this approach.  First, the relevant 
 language in the IRS announcement defining "waste coal fines" is not real 
 statutory law.  It is basically just an IRS policy statement, meaning that we 
 cannot bind the IRS to it.  So the opportunity for gamesmanship over the 
 IRS's choice of language is much more limited than it would be if this were 
 statutory law.  Also, Price Manford has reported to me that what the IRS 
 really has in mind in terms of what is acceptable to them as bonafide waste 
 fines is fines from true waste ponds.  Even if the taxpayer can argue over 
 the meaning of the term "waste" fines, the IRS can stick to their 
 understanding of the term, at least for the sake of deciding whether to issue 
 a new ruling.  In short, the IRS may not be willing to give a new ruling 
 based on a coal fines facility that does not process the truly 3 or 4% waste 
 fines incidental to mining operations.  If you are not going to be able to 
 get a new ruling anyway, what's the point of going back to being a coal fine 
 processing facility?
 
 But there is another more fundamental problem to the latter approach.  
 Pacificorp already has good private letter rulings that bless coal fines 
 generally (i.e., not merely "waste" coal fines) as well as run-of-mine coal.  
 Why would anyone want to go back to the IRS to get a new ruling that is more 
 restrictive than the ones that they already have?  That is truly putting 
 value at risk.  
 
 In my view, the best deal for Pacificorp would be to market their existing 
 rulings as essentially "above market" rulings, insofar as they go farther 
 than the IRS currently allows, giving them a competitive advantage over other 
 synfuel operators who never got a ruling.  It seems to me that if they can be 
 persuaded to lower their price expectations in light of the new landscape, 
 since a new equity player is going to have to bear real risk, then we may 
 still have an opportunity to do a synfuel deal.  
 
 Kevin Liss
 x58601
 
 
 
 
