
 
 Got it. Thanks.  Another article suggesting that we need to get our message 
 out.  Heard Skilling and Davis are going to talk.  He sign the bill yet?
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 
 Power deregulation backfires in infancy (9.27.2000)
 MANY OFFICIALS SAY IT WILL WORK EVENTUALLY 
 BY STEVE JOHNSON
 Mercury News 
 With its residents reeling from surging summertime electricity bills, this 
 coastal state's deregulated energy market has triggered bitter accusations, 
 legislative hearings and a push to re-regulate the whole system. 
 Sound familiar? Except this isn't California. It's New York, one of 23 other 
 states that are ending what has been for decades one of government's key 
 functions  10 percent of customers have switched. 
 Critics say that's a misleading comparison since Pennsylvania, unlike 
 California, gives an energy price discount to consumers who make the switch. 
 Nonetheless, Pennsylvania officials are clearly happy about how deregulation 
 is working. 
 A study in August by Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge concluded that electricity 
 competition will result in 36,400 new jobs and a $1.4 billion boost in 
 personal income across the state by 2004. 
 ``We do not anticipate the problems in Pennsylvania that you have out there 
 in California,'' said Kevin Cadden, a spokesman with that state's Public 
 Utility Commission. ``I am not nervous at all.'' 
 A study this summer by the non-profit Center for the Advancement of Energy 
 Markets, which promotes deregulation, found that Pennsylvania has pushed 
 electricity competition more effectively and quickly than any other state. 
 Others listed in order in the top 10 were New York, Maine, Massachusetts, 
 Texas, Nevada, Maryland, Rhode Island, New Jersey and Connecticut. California 
 was 16th. 
 But consumers may have a different measure of success: whether their lights 
 will stay on and how much electricity will cost them once government controls 
 are removed. Unfortunately, in the two states where prices have been fully 
 deregulated, the evidence is not encouraging. 
 In San Diego, the first place in California to have its state-mandated cap on 
 utility rates lifted under deregulation, electricity bills for many consumers 
 this summer doubled, while power blackouts also rolled through Northern 
 California. New York's experience wasn't quite as bad. But in the few 
 counties there that were exposed to fully deregulated electricity rates this 
 summer, the average residential bill rose 22 percent. 
 Investigations are under way in California and New York to determine what 
 happened. Nonetheless, the problems in both states have been largely blamed 
 on an insufficient supply of power plants to meet their demand for 
 electricity, which has forced consumers to pay just about whatever 
 power-producing firms want to charge. 
 ``It's the piece that the economists missed'' when deregulation was touted 
 several years ago, said Mike Donovan, a spokesman for Orange and Rockland 
 Utilities, Inc., which supplies power to Susan Peckman's Pearl River liquor 
 store, among other parts of New York. ``There isn't sufficient generation to 
 really administer a full-scale competitive market.'' 
 Ralph Cavanagh of the National Resources Defense Council in San Francisco 
 maintains that deregulation has been unfairly maligned because the dearth of 
 power plants has made it impossible for consumers to benefit from 
 competition. Once that and some other problems are fixed, he said, ``I'm 
 confident we'll have a more orderly market in the future.'' 
 Others are growing nervous, however. This summer's difficulties have spurred 
 calls to significantly stall or even reverse deregulation in North Carolina, 
 Nevada, New Mexico, Minnesota, Oregon and Alabama, among other states. 
 A Wisconsin consumer advocate recently chuckled over the phone as she read 
 aloud a story about California's energy crisis, noting that such news made 
 her opposition to deregulation much easier. 
 ``I am absolutely convinced that we are on an inexorable march toward the 
 choice model,'' said Ken Malloy, president of the Center for the Advancement 
 of Energy Markets. But he acknowledged that the experience in San Diego and 
 New York ``is undeniably a bad thing that has happened to this movement, and 
 it will set us back.'' 
 
