
 
 Preempt me, please!
 
 
 
 

 09/13/2000 06:22 PM






  
  
 
 
 A00:245
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 September 12, 2000
 
 GOVERNOR DAVIS NAMES KAHN CHAIR OF THE GOVERNOR'S CLEAN ENERGY GREEN TEAM
 SACRAMENTO - Governor Gray Davis today announced the appointment of Michael
 A. Kahn as chairman of the newly-created Governor's Clean Energy Green Team.
 The Team was created by Governor Davis' signing of AB 970 by Assemblywoman
 Denise Moreno Ducheny (D-San Diego) on Wednesday.
 
 Mr. Kahn, 51, of San Francisco, is the chairman of the California
 Electricity Oversight Board, and he also serves as vice-chair of the
 California Commission on Judicial Performance. He has been senior partner
 and head of litigation at Folger Levin & Kahn LLP since 1979. Mr. Kahn has
 held numerous state and federal government appointments and assignments over
 the last 15 years.
 
 Mr. Kahn is the author of several articles and reports on litigation
 practice and Supreme Court history. He is a magna cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa
 graduate of the University of California, Los Angeles. Mr. Kahn also earned
 master of arts and juris doctorate degrees from Stanford University, where
 he was an editor of the Law Review. After graduation, he served for a year
 as a law clerk to Judge Ben C. Duniway of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals
 in San Francisco.
 
 The signing of AB 970 established the Governor's Clean Energy Green Team,
 which works to streamline the process of creating new power plants to ensure
 that an adequate supply of power will exist to make a deregulated
 marketplace work. The Team does this by working with local governments,
 identifying environmental impacts, developing recommendations for low
 interest financing programs for renewable energy and obtaining input on
 natural gas supply, emission offsets and water supply.
 
 Members do not receive a salary. This position does not require Senate
 confirmation.
 
 # # #
 
 Julee Malinowski-Ball
 Edson + Modisette
 Associate
 925 L Street Suite 1490
 Sacramento CA 95814
 916-552-7070
 FAX-552-7075

 
 
 
 
 
 
