
 
 AES Corp. (AES) and Dynegy Inc. (DYN) said
 Wednesday that representatives of California power officials had stopped by
 some of their power plants to verify that they were off line for legitimate
 reasons.
 The California Independent System Operator, which manages the state's power
 grid and one of its wholesale power markets, and the California Public
 Utilities Commission began on-site inspections Tuesday night of all power
 plants in the state reporting that unplanned outages have forced shutdowns,
 ISO spokesman Pat Dorinson said.
 The state has had 11,000 MW off the grid since Monday, 7,000 MW for
 unplanned maintenance. The ISO Wednesday called a Stage 2 power emergency
 for the third consecutive day, meaning power reserves were below 5% and
 customers who agreed to cut power in exchange for reduced rates may be
 called on to do so.
 As reported earlier, Reliant Energy (REI) and Southern Energy Inc. (SOE)
 said they had been visited by representatives of the ISO and PUC Tuesday
 evening.
 Representatives of the two organizations also visited plants owned by AES
 and Dynegy Tuesday evening.
 AES told the visitors they couldn't perform an unannounced full inspection
 of the company's 450-megawatt Huntington Beach power station until Wednesday
 morning, when the plant's full staff would be present, AES spokesman Aaron
 Thomas said.
 Thomas, as well as an ISO spokesman, didn't know whether the representatives
 returned Wednesday for a full inspection.
 
    AES Units Down Due To Expired Emissions Credits
 
 The Huntington Beach facility and units at two other AES facilities have
 used up their nitrogen oxide, or NOx, emission credits. They were taken down
 two weeks ago in response to a request by the South Coast Air Quality
 Management District to stay off line until emissions controls are deployed,
 Thomas said.
 AES has about 2,000 MW, or half its maximum output, off line. The entire
 Huntington plant is off line, as is 1,500 MW worth of units at its Alamitos
 and Redondo Beach plants.
 The ISO has asked AES to return its off line plants to operations, but AES
 has refused because it is concerned the air quality district will fine the
 company $20 million for polluting.
 "We'd be happy to put our units back, provided we don't get sued for it,"
 Thomas said. "It's not clear to us that the ISO trumps the air quality
 district's" authority.
 As reported, a spokesman for the air quality district said Tuesday that AES
 could have elected to buy more emission credits so that it could run its off
 line plants in case of power emergencies, but choose not to do so.
 
    Dynegy's El Segundo Plant Also Visited By PUC
 
 Dynegy Inc. (DYN) said the PUC visited its 1,200 MW El Segundo plant Tuesday
 evening, where two of the four units, about 600 MW worth, were off line
 Wednesday.
 "I guess our position is, 'Gee, we're sorry you don't believe us, but if you
 need to come and take a look for yourself, that's fine,'" said Dynegy
 spokesman Lynn Lednicky.
 Lednicky said one of the two units was off line for planned maintenance and
 the other for unplanned maintenance on boiler feedwater pumps, which could
 pose a safety hazard if not repaired.
 "We've been doing all we can to get back in service," Lednicky said. "We
 even paid to have some specialized equipment expedited."
 Lednicky added that the PUC seemed satisfied with Dynegy's explanation of
 why its units were off line.
 -By Jessica Berthold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3872,

 (END) Dow Jones Newswires 07-12-00
 1317GMT Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company Inc
 
 
 G_nther A. Pergher
 Senior Analyst
 Dow Jones & Company Inc.
 Tel.  609.520.7067
 Fax. 609.452.3531
 
 The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to
 which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged
 material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or
 taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or
 entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received
 this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any
 computer.
 
 
 
 
 
 
