
 
 Thanks for forwarding all of this stuff - so far it has all been mine.  I 
 think your name must come up automatically for some of these folks when they 
 just type in Mark Taylor.  It's not nearly as bad as when there was another 
 Mark E Taylor - and he wasn't nearly as nice about it either (instead of 
 forwarding them to me, he would send them back to the senders with sometimes 
 nasty notes like 'try to get it right next time').   Luckily for both you and 
 me he is no longer with Enron 
 
 	Enron Energy Services
 	
 	 	Phone No: 713 853-9609
 	
 
 
 



  
   Comment on Shedule 1 Scheduling Services is attached.  
 
 Additionally, we will may need a Services Agreement where Mercury provides 
 some of these services "scheduling or settlements" post-closing.  Can we 
 incorporate the concept of them providing services to us within the same 
 agreement.
 
 Dennis
 
 
 
 
 


   
 
 Dennis-
 We had incorporated PG&EES's comments to the last draft we sent out last week 
 some time and had left those comments in brackets as we did not have EES's 
 input.  Some of those changes were accepted by Jeff and some were not.  
 Deborah Culver also had some issues with a few of their changes, which we 
 need to finalize during this upcoming call.   I believe you should have 
 received these via prior e-mail from Mary Moreland of your firm, but for your 
 reference, attached is the latest version of the agreement and of Schedule 1.
 
 Jeff indicated that he would let me know when he was available for a call, 
 but I have not heard back from him.  I'll keep you posted.  Sheryl.
 

 
 I am available after 3 pm today or any time tomorrow.
 
 PG&E ES had indicated that they made quite a few changes to the MSA.  Are
 these incorporated in the latest draft?
 
 Dennis
 
 
 
 

 




  
 
 At Jim Keller's request, I would like to try and schedule a call to
 "finalize" the legal and business points on the Management Agreement before
 we send it on to PG&E.   Please let me know what time would be convenient
 for the group either this afternoon or tomorrow.  Sheryl.
 
 
 
 
 
 
  - MANAGE1.DOC
  - MANAGE2.DOC
  - SCHED1_1.DOC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
