
 
  for his Texas record, and even during the GOP convention on his
 running mate's 15-year-old voting record? The Gore attacks were reported as
 legitimate subjects of political debate. We happen to think all of these are
 legitimate, but only Mr. Bush's got the good-housekeeping media's "negative"
 label.
 
 Then there is the debate over Presidential debates. This back and forth is a
 hardy perennial, and you'd think the press would merely let both sides duke
 it out. But in the coverage we've seen, Mr. Bush's proposal to break from
 the Commission on Presidential Debates mold is being treated as an attempt
 to dodge debates or attract a smaller audience. Mr. Gore's decision to
 renege on his pledges to debate on NBC's "Meet the Press" and CNN's "Larry
 King Live" don't get the same spin.
 
 This criticism of Mr. Bush is especially galling when it comes from the
 likes of ABC and CBS, who now whine that they won't carry debates held by
 other networks. So much for their public-spiritedness. Their reaction shows
 that the debate commission is less about designing a forum to educate voters
 and more about dividing the commercial TV spoils equally. We hope Mr. Bush
 sticks with his desire to have a less scripted, more open exchange with Mr.
 Gore.
 
 Mr. Bush has given signs before that he understands his party's media
 problem better than most other Republicans. Indeed, we've long suspected
 that his "compassionate conservative" theme was as much about media
 management as policy. It was designed to deflect the inevitable media
 portrayal of any Republican as a heartless, Gingrichian budget cutter. Mr.
 Bush also stood up to the press pack when it sought to hound him about
 rumors of youthful drug use.
 
 We aren't suggesting that Mr. Bush should get into a pitched battle with the
 press corps, and especially not with any one reporter. Our point is that Mr.
 Bush won't be able to count on even-handed media coverage to carry his
 battle to Mr. Gore. He's going to have to make his case directly, and not
 too subtly, to voters over the heads of the media.
 
 That means Mr. Bush would be better off doing more debates in several
 forums. And, above all, it means setting his own agenda and strategy, no
 matter if ankle-biters in the press corps call it "negative."
 

 Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at http://www.hotmail.com.
 
 Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
 http://profiles.msn.com.
 
