
 
 California's power grid administrator Monday urged
 federal regulators to reject a complaint from power producers seeking
 compensation in the event out-of-state power transactions are curtailed
 during an extreme power grid emergency.
 The independent system operator told the Federal Energy Regulatory
 Commission that the power producers seek compensation in the event of a
 "situation that never has occurred any time since the ISO began operations,
 and if it were to occur in the future, would do so rarely."
 The ISO noted that its tariff governing access to the state's grid already
 allows for compensation in the event of curtailed exports, and decried the
 power producers' complaint as "a collateral attack" on a previous FERC order
 rejecting claims that the tariff failed to provide adequate compensation.
 Curtailing scheduled power transactions and exports would be a last resort
 measure taken only after other options have been exhausted, the ISO said.
 The power producers should adjust their contracts to factor in the risk of
 interruption in the event of a state-wide grid emergency, the ISO said.
 The ISO's objections were echoed by the state's electricity distribution
 utilities and California regulators.
 They complained that the power producers are merely trying to get out from
 under the price controls the ISO has imposed in an effort to rein in
 skyrocketing power prices this summer.
 The generators "knew when they purchased California power plants and when
 they entered into their export contracts that the ISO could alter their
 schedules in an emergency. For them to ask the commission to make it even
 more expensive, and hence, more difficult, for the ISO to maintain grid
 reliability in California is irresponsible," said Southern California
 Edison, a unit of Edison International (EIX).
 "The complaint is a sham," declared the California Public Utilities
 Commission.
 "The true intent of the complaint ... is to avoid the ISO price caps by
 making sales to affiliates or cooperating entities located out of state, and
 sell the power back to the ISO at uncapped prices reflecting the generators'
 market power," the PUC said, calling for FERC to summarily reject the
 complaint.
 "The complaint is factually unsupported, legally unfounded, complains of
 conduct consistent with the ISO's authority under pertinent FERC decisions,
 and seeks to avoid the price cap," the PUC said.
 But power marketers and other power producers voiced support for the
 complaint, filed Aug. 3 by Reliant Power Generation Inc. (REI), Dynegy Power
 Marketing Inc. (DYN) and Southern Energy California (SO).
 "By subjecting curtailed energy transactions to its maximum purchase price
 of $250, and simply ignoring the financial impact on sellers, the Cal ISO
 would be overtly discriminating against export transactions and market
 participants who schedule energy for export," said the Electric Power Supply
 Association, the national trade group representing competitive power
 producers.
 "It is critical that power producers ... know with certainty that the
 curtailment of scheduled energy exports by Cal ISO will be compensated,"
 said Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc.
 "Now that the ISO Governing Board has lowered purchase price caps to $250,
 it is significantly more likely that the curtailment of exports will occur
 more frequently. Less energy will be imported into California and more
 energy will leave California in search of higher prices," said Williams
 Energy Marketing & Trading Co. in support of the complaint's call for actual
 damages and lost opportunity costs.
 At least one power purchaser voiced support for the producers' position as
 well.
 "It seems a very basic point that if the Cal ISO must divert the
 transactions of others to meet its own loads, that is should pay the full
 costs of doing so," said the Northern California Power Agency.

 Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company Inc
 
 
 
 G_nther A. Pergher
 Senior Analyst
 Dow Jones & Company Inc.
 Tel.  609.520.7067
 Fax. 609.452.3531
 
 The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to
 which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged
 material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or
 taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or
 entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received
 this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any
 computer.
 
  <<Gunther Pergher (E-mail).vcf>> 
  - Gunther Pergher (E-mail).vcf
 
 
