
 
 Allyson,
 
 Thank you for your prompt response.  
 
 Can you describe the process and timing for filing a project update?
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 






 
  
 I inadvertently ended the sentence with a comma.  The point I was making was
 that if it were necessary to negotiate an additional delivery point, NCNG
 would probably demand concessions such as an extension of the contract
 period.  Hopefully, since we are only talking about a high pressure tap,
 NCNG will have less leverage.
 
 Jeffrey and I did talk about amending the application some time ago;  he
 expressed the concern that the description of the generators might be
 misleading unless either more or less data were supplied, and he suggested
 describing them more generally.  I think he was confortable with the fact
 that the CPCN will be reviewed by electrical engineers who understand the
 generators described without the elaboration he thought necessary.
 
 One of the problems with amending the application is that you run the risk
 that the Commission will adjust the time frames for intervention, etc.,
 accordingly.  If you want to revise the description of the equipment, it
 would be less dangerous to file a project update.   
 
 presumably referring
 to the annexed area, although the agreement is not a model of clarity.
 
 So, at least based on this language, Rocky Mount's right to serve arguably
 tracks its incorporated limits, whatever they might be.  (Jonathan and I
 are
 looking at annexation law to see what else might be lurking out there).
 
 The 1992 Service agreement provides, In Article IV, provides that points of
 devliery for all natural gas purchased or transported under the agreement
 with NCNG shall be "at the following locations and other stations added at
 mutually agreeable locations in the future. . ." In the Third Amendment to
 the Natural Gas Service Agreement, dated March 10, 1997, new language and
 delivery points are negotiated upon, but the principle is still included
 that  other stations may be added at "mutually agreeable locations in the
 future."  The question which then arises is what Rocky Mount would have to
 give in exchange.  In the 1997 agreement, Rocky Mount agreed to an
 extention
 of terms of the of ten years, until December 6,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
