
 
 Barbara, short of me coming up with the money, it will be next to impossible 
 to get this out of either the trading or origination group.  As a significant 
 contributor to the PAC and Enron's other adventures, I don't have the room.  
 Personally, I also have difficulty making campaign contributions so closely 
 linked to specific legislation or policy.  This may not be the answer you 
 want; however, I am all ears if you have any ideas on raising these funds.
 
 Regards
 Delainey
 
 
 





  
 
 Barbara, we are getting tremendous pressure for contributions in these last 
 days before the election.  As I have mentioned to you, Enron has been 
 referred to specifically by one of the most powerful Senators.  Also, Lt. 
 Gov. Wilder's campaign chairman called me in the latter part of last week, 
 hoping for significant financial help for end-of-campaign TV buys.  Gif 
 Thornton, Robert Gowan, and I are participating heavily; I cannot 
 overemphasize the importance of Enron's participation.  The state "money 
 crunch" which existed this past year likely will be worse when the General 
 Assembly reconvenes (tax collections are coming in below estimates), and all 
 existing tax exemptions will be at significant risk.  Please do what you can 
 to get some Enron assistance for the candidates which we have discussed now.  
 Thanks.  Bill
 
 William R. Bruce

 Stokes Bartholomew Evans & Petree, P.A.
 SunTrust Center, 424 Church St., Suite 2800
 Nashville, TN 37219-2386
 Direct dial telephone: (615)259-1431
 Fax: (615)259-1470
 Memphis office: (901)525-6781
 Smithville office: (615)597-3945
 
 
 
 The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to 
 which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
 material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or 
 taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or 
 entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.  If you received 
 this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any 
 computer.
 
 
 
