
 
 Is this a PIG deal?
  Fuel cell 
 developerDais-Analytic Corp. of Odessa, FL announced today an alliance with 
 Enron NorthAmerica, a wholly owned subsidiary of Enron Corp.
 	As part of the alliance, Enron has made an equity investment in 
 Dais-Analyticand will support market development, distribution and other 
 field services forDais-Analytic's fuel cell, humidity control and related 
 products. Financialdetails of the agreement were not released.
 	"Our partnership with Enron provides needed capital to accelerate 
 thecommercialization of our products," said Timothy Tangredi, 
 Dais-Analytic'schairman and chief executive officer. "More importantly, it 
 creates worldwideopportunities for the distribution, sales and service of our 
 fuel cell powersystems and membrane-based humidity control products."
 	Dais-Analytic, created last year from the merger of Dais Corp. of Odessa, FL 
 andAnalytic Power Corp. of Boston, MA, is a privately held developer of 
 distributedgeneration fuel cell systems for homes and small businesses as 
 well as portablefuel cells for backup and standby generators, uninterruptible 
 power supplies,and hybrid fuel cell/battery electric utility vehicles. Its 
 patentedtechnologies include low cost fuel cell membranes that are also being 
 developedfor dehumidification applications.
 	SOURCE Dais-Analytic Corp.
 	CONTACT:          Glenn Doell of Dais-Analytic Corp.,727-375-8484, ext. 202, 

 http://www.daisanalytic.comhttp://www.prnewswire.com
 	(C) 2000 PR Newswire. All rights reserved.
 	
 	 
 	
 	News provided by Comtex. Click here to view end user terms. 
 		
 		
 		
 		
 		
 		RELATED QUOTES
 		
 		
 		Symbol
 		Last Trade
 		Change
 		ENE 
 		81.31 
 		-0.6875 
 		
 		
 		3 >    
 All quotes delayed up to 20 minutes. 
 		
 		
 
  Click here to email this page to a friend   
 
 
 Quotes supplied by Standard & Poor's ComStock, Inc. Click here forterms and 
 conditions.
 Technology provided by TIBCO Finance Technology, Inc., a Reuters Company.
 
 
 
 
 
 1 > Money Help
 1 >Give Us Your Feedback
 1 > Money Glossary
 
 
 All information provided herein is for informational purposes only, and no 
 information you may obtain is intended by iWon or its data or content 
 providers to be relied upon or used for trading or investing purposes. iWon 
 or its data or content providers are not responsible for the accuracy, 
 completeness, usefulness or availability of any information, and shall not be 
 liable for any trading or investment decisions based on such information.
 
 
