
 
  ending August with the lowest level in
 over 10 years. PIRA would not be surprised to see inventories revised up
 somewhat for Europe for the end of the second quarter, but this will not
 materially change the likely end August position.
 
 In addition to low inventories, the world is operating with very little
 spare producing capacity. With OPEC crude output at 29.5 MMB/D in the fourth
 quarter, there will only be some 0.5 to 1.0 MMB/D of instant spare producing
 capacity remaining. This number will certainly increase in time, but for at
 least the first half of the fourth quarter there is not much room for any
 interruption in expected supply for any reason (hurricanes, Iraq saber
 rattling, earthquakes, etc).
 
 Also, the lead seasonal product distillate(gasoil/diesel) is in great shape
 and with substantial refining margins there is plenty of headroom for crude.
 Add to the mix very low PADD II crude stocks, positive technicals and
 seasonals, at most only ten million barrels of current net speculative
 length in the NYMEX crude contract and continued strong economic growth and
 you have rather impressive positives for price.
 
 SHORT TERM MARKET BALANCES & PRICES
 
 With fourth quarter OPEC crude output at 29.5 MMB/D, world onshore oil
 inventories should draw only 100-200 MB/D in the quarter. Thus assuming
 normal early winter weather, stocks will remain very low but not, on
 average, decline significantly. For the three major OECD markets, commercial
 inventories should end the year 1-2% above the year earlier.
 
 In these circumstances and given the very positive market factors noted
 above, it is hard to see oil prices taking a big hit downward as a result of
 the OPEC agreement. PIRA would expect the very initial market reaction to be
 negative given that the agreed increase is somewhat more than anticipated.
 The market will then probably consolidate given that there is a good deal of
 confusion about the impact of the agreement. Given the current very strong
 fundamentals an upward price bias is likely to quickly return. However, one
 major wildcard negative for price first needs to be sorted out.
 
 THE POTENTIAL U.S. SPR SWAP
 
 If the United States is going to use the SPR to swap current barrels from
 the strategic reserve to be replaced in the future, the market will find out
 this week. With the U.S. Presidential election on November 7th, October
 pipeline scheduling completion on September 25th and probably ten days to
 carry out an auction, this is the last window of opportunity to have a
 meaningful impact before the onset of winter and the election. With SPR
 barrels being short haul, as opposed to 45 days away for any incremental
 OPEC oil, its impact on oil prices would be far greater than OPEC's current
 agreement. Moreover, if the decision is made to use the reserve in this
 fashion, the Secretary of Energy is likely to decide to make sure it has the
 desired impact of bringing prices down substantially by offering to swap
 very substantial volumes. PIRA rates the odds of a swap at 55%.
