
 
 Network Appliance Selects TIBCO Software to Support Enterprise
 System Initiatives
 
 TIBCO Technology Enables Network Appliance to Integrate Its Internal 
 Enterprise Systems Without Disrupting Its
 Business
 
 PALO ALTO, Calif., July 24 /PRNewswire/  enable businesses to 
 integrate enterprise applications, interact with other businesses in
 B2B commerce, and efficiently deliver personalized information through 
 enterprise portals. TIBCO's products enable the real-time distribution of
 information through patented technology called The Information Busc, or TIBc. 
 TIB technology was first used to digitize Wall Street and has since been
 adopted in diverse industries including telecommunications, electronic 
 commerce, manufacturing and energy. TIBCO's global client base includes more
 than 1,000 customers from around the world such as Cisco Systems, Yahoo!, 
 Ariba, NEC, 3Com, Sun Microsystems, SAP, Philips, AT&T and
 AOL/Netscape. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, TIBCO can be reached at 
 650-846-1000 or on the web at www.tibco.com.
 
 NOTE: Network Appliance is a trademark of Network Appliance, Inc. in the 
 United States and other countries. TIBCO, TIBCO ActiveEnterprise,
 TIBCO ActiveExchange, TIBCO ActivePortal, The Information Bus and TIB are 
 trademarks or registered trademarks of TIBCO Software Inc.
 
 Legal Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This release may contain 
 forward-looking statements regarding TIBCO's business, customers or
 other factors that may affect future earnings or financial results. Actual 
 results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking
 statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause our 
 actual results to differ materially from those contained in the 
 forward-looking
 statements can be found in TIBCO Software's filings with the Securities and 
 Exchange Commission (``SEC''), including but not limited to its registration
 statement on Form S-1 which was filed with the SEC, and the most recent 
 reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K, which identify important risk factors that
 could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the 
 forward-looking statements including limited independent operating history, 
 history of
 losses, unpredictability of future revenue, dependence on a limited number of 
 customers, relationship with Reuters Group PLC, rapid technological and
 market changes, risks associated with infrastructure software and volatility 
 of stock price. Copies of filings made with the SEC are available through the
 SEC's electronic data gather analysis and retrieval system (EDGAR) at 
 www.sec.gov. TIBCO assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking
 statements included in this document. 