
 
 Thanks for the update.  Just want to add that 1) if we're uneasy about 
 wearing the full requirements risk, then focusing on offering a purely 
 wholesale deal can still be very attractive, given SDG&E's blunders w.r.t. 
 procurment wholesale power on behalf of its customers.  And 2) the CPUC has 
 been beat up pretty well for tying the IOUs hands in attempting to hedge, so 
 they'll be subject to a considerable amount of pressure to pre-approve if a 
 deal is offered that can be show to shield San Diegans from volatility and 
 that looks"attractive." 
 
 Appreciate being kept in the loop on the details.  Thanks.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 


  
 J
 
 I think we could get below $60 on a 5 year deal with a bell shaped load 
 profile at SP-15.  I do not think we can get there for the SDG&E zone.  In 
 fact, I don't think Tim will want to sell the SDG&E zone at all.  If we offer 
 it, it will be at a significant premium to SP-15.  
 
 We just showed SCE $58 for a 5 year peak (By the way, like the SDG&E RFP, the 
 SCE RFP resulted in no transactions because they did not get pre-approved 
 reasonableness review and they were too chicken to do it at shareholder 
 risk.  The PG&E RFP for essentially the same deal structure is due tomorrow 
 and we will be responding.  With the PG&E RFP, prices can be changed oon 
 October 11 so  the prices we will show them now are indicative only).
 
 Get me that load profile data and I will put together a deal structure.    I 
 wil also be working with the traders to address this "new zone" issue as it 
 exists for all three utilities, not just SDG&E.
 
 C
 
 
 

 09/12/2000 07:39 AM

   
 Chris 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	

 09/08/2000 05:32 PM
 	
 







































   
 
 SDG&E would like to inform you that  we did not gain authority from the
 commission on 9/7 and cannot enter into bilateral trades at present; (2) we
 anticipate receiving that approval on September 21; we will solicit new
 proposals between now and then and look forward to your continuing
 participation, as well as your assistance in gaining the necessary
 regulatory approvals.  Thanks
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
