
 
 Bourke says he expects that if Altra and Enron finalize an
 agreement, Enron would take a small equity position in Altra. He
 speculates that this is what Enron did with HoustonStreet.
 
   Brian Pieri, vice president of Red Meteor, says the value of
 EnronOnline to the other exchanges is that "they bring' tight-bid
 offers, which is something the exchanges have to work hard on. And more
 people will make the bid offers even tighter."
 
   This means buy and sell prices are close together, which helps market
 liquidity.
 
   Asked if the additional liquidity and trading volume that Enron might
 bring to the other exchanges wouldn't just further fragment the market,
 Pieri compared the whole online trading scene to a sixth-grade dance.
 
   "The boys are all on one side of the room and the girls are on the
 other side, and nobody is dancing. Somebody has to start and then
 everybody else joins in. Enron brings more validity to this very new
 situation," Pied says.
 
   "All of the exchanges are trying to build liquidity, of which Enron is
 the king," says Bill Swanton, an analyst with AMR Research.
 
   Swanton predicts that the energy exchanges will consolidate within the
 next six to eight months, and the ultimate surviving exchanges will not
 be owned by any single player.
 
   "You need an independent exchange. I can't imagine Enron will end up
 running it. The trading community won't be satisfied with that," he
 says.
 
   Swanton points out, however, that Enron "will attract attention they
 don't want if they force, some of these guys out of business."
 
   But HoustonStreet's CEO, Frank Getman, takes a different view of what
 the Enron deals mean.
 
   "Web-based energy trading exchanges are no longer about liquidity,
 thanks to these EnronOnline data deals," he says. "The game is now about
 functionality and value-added services."
 
 
 
 Folder Name: Rahil Jafry
 Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 97
 

 
 Copyright (c) 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 
 
