
 
 the market had to get to a price whereby these guys shut down.  there is just 
 not enough gas to allow everybody who wants to to burn it.  the elasticity of 
 demand is in the industrial sector.  million dollar question is have we 
 gotten to a high enough price whereby we end the year with gas in the ground 
 and deliverability to meet a late cold snap.  shutdown of processing, 
 distillate and resid switching, loss of industrial load...maybe we have.
 good holidays,
 john
 
 
 
 


   
 
 
  
 
 
 Plants Shut Down and Sell the Energy
 By Peter Behr
 Washington Post Staff Writer
 Thursday, December 21, 2000; Page E01
 Kaiser Aluminum Corp. had planned to spend December making aluminum at its
 giant smelters in the Pacific Northwest, run by electricity from the
 Bonneville Power Administration's Columbia River dams. Then it saw a better
 deal. With California desperate for power and electricity prices hitting
 unheard-of peaks, Kaiser shut down its two U.S. smelters last week. It is
 selling the electricity it no longer needs 
 farm products could rise significantly a year from now and into 2002. In the
 aluminum industry, several smaller producers have joined Kaiser, the
 industry's No. 2 manufacturer, in closing down, noted Lloyd O'Carroll, an
 analyst with BB&T Capital Markets in Richmond.
 Aluminum production in November was 8.3 percent below that of November 1999,
 and December's production will be lower still, he said. "We'll get more
 production cut announcements, I think," he said. A slowing in the U.S. and
 world economies next year could ease the impact of reduced aluminum
 supplies. "But if the world economy doesn't fall completely apart, then
 [aluminum] prices are going to rise, and they could rise significantly more
 than the current forecast," he said. In Kaiser's case, it's an open question
 how much of its electric windfall it will keep. Kaiser is contractually
 entitled to buy electricity from Bonneville at $22.50 a megawatt per hour,
 says spokesman Scott Lamb. That is the power it has sold back to Bonneville
 for $550 a megawatt hour for December.
 But the Bonneville Authority is pressuring Kaiser to use these and future
 profits from power resales to compensate employees at the shut-down plants,
 to invest in new electric generating capacity, or even to refund to
 Bonneville's other customers, said Bonneville spokesman Ed Mosey. Kaiser and
 Bonneville have negotiated a new power purchase deal to take effect after
 next October, but the power authority says it intends to reduce deliveries
 to Kaiser if the company tries to pocket the electricity sale profits. "Out
 here, a deal is a deal, but it has to be a moral deal. There has to be an
 ethical dimension to this and we're not shy in trying to make sure they live
 up their advantage in having access to this publicly-owned power," Mosey
 said.
 , 2000 The Washington Post Company
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
