
 
 Hi yourself,
 
 Glad to hear you all had a good time in Thailand, although I get the 
 impression you could have done without some of the sights.  Mom thinks it 
 must be fate that this guy and I keep bumping into each other.
 
 Along those lines, I had an absolutely incredible weekend.  I drove to 
 Harlingen Saturday morning/afternoon (5 hr. drive) for a friend's wedding and 
 then drove to Austin to meet up with Emily on Sunday.  We ate at Guerro's and 
 then hit Cedar door for a little while.  There wasn't anything going on there 
 so I suggested we try Cedar Street.  Funny thing is Ted, that's his name, 
 walks by our table at the bar.  He stopped to say hello and ended up sitting 
 down with us the rest of the evening.  His friends joined us as soon as they 
 had been shot down by the girls they had been trying to woo.  We ended up 
 going to Polly Esters for a little while to do some dancing.  Before we 
 parted ways he asked if we had any plans for Monday night and got my cell 
 phone number.  Needless to say I was feeling pretty good.  He called us 
 Monday and we made plans to meet up after dinner  Fletch, Caddy Shack...he definitely has a good sense of 
 humor and likes to laugh
   He really likes Texas...would like to have a ranch/lakehouse somewhere in 
 the hill country
 
 Best Quotes:    "Every California guys idea of a dream girl is a girl in 
 jeans a t-shirt and cowboy boots." 
   "Every Texas girls idea of a dream guy is a guy who lives on a ranch, has 
 an good education, is comfortable financially and is also a great    
 businessman.  Only problem is there are only four of those guys out there and 
 three of them are married."
   "Texas girls have the ability to wrap a man around their finger quicker 
 than any group of women I've ever met."
   "I really want to learn how to two step."
   
 So, as I'm sure you can tell there are definitely some attractive 
 characteristics to this guy (to boot he was a complete gentleman in every 
 capacity).  There are no plans as of yet, but I will be sure to keep you 
 informed of any progress.  Write back soon and let me know how the apartment, 
 the job hunt and everything else is going.
 
 Susan
 
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	

 07/05/2000 08:39 AM
 	
 

   
 
 Hey Susan,
 
 What's with this new man who keeps popping up
 everywhere?  I heard you have seen a lot of him
 lately!  You'll have to e mail me back and fill me in
 on the scoop.
 
 We had a great time in Thailand.  They are right when
 they say it is exotic.  We saw some pretty ronchy
 things there, too.  I'm not sure it if were the old
 men with the young boys and a million of those clubs
 or if the clubs "featuring" women were worse.  Anyway,
 we got to see and do some pretty interesting things
 and ate some really good food.  Chuck is expanding his
 palate (sp?).  Hope all is well in Houston!
 
 Chris
 
 

 Do You Yahoo!?
 Send online invitations with Yahoo! Invites.
 http://invites.yahoo.com
 
