
 
  Saturday is looking better right now.  I hope that is still ok.  Let me 
 know.......The assoc/analyst dept is trying to kill me.    More later
 
 
 
 

 11/14/2000 08:51 AM

   
 Your party sounds great!!!  You are so funny.  I will fill you in on my 
 events.  Dan's was fabulous.  Vikki's was pretty low key.  I want to hear 
 about your first being meeting!  You are such a superstar.  You have to admit 
 that you felt pretty cool.  I'd be dissapointed if you didn't.  
 let me know when you are free.  my only plans so far are for sat day.  I am 
 walking with Julia, and spending the day with my little cousin.  for all my 
 little cousins' birthdays I take them to do something fun for their present.  
 who knows what I'll be roped into doing!  I am trying to convince her to go 
 for manicures, but she is nine so she probably wants to go make a teddy bear 
 or something.  Anyway...let me know when you are free.  We could go for a 
 really fun dinner or something.  I am also dying to see the house, so that is 
 a must!
 
 

   
 Of course I want to get together next (this?) weekend.  In fact, the house 
 should be almost done, and I'd love to show it to you, too.  I'm pretty open 
 also, but am doing super saturday again, and am not sure what my deal is 
 friday evening (if anything, and will know by tomorrow).  
 
 Last night on A&E was a special about Palm Beach, and the good life, charity 
 balls, social scene, etc.  So I had a Palm Beach Partyvery tame.
 
 
 

 11/09/2000 12:01 PM

   
 ok...so I do want the low-down on last night b/c I am sure there is a lot 
 that is inappropriate for email!  I will be out of the office all afternoon 
 so if you want to talk I'll be on my cell phone 256-5582.
 Big....small....it is still the Enron Executive Committee and you should feel 
 extremely proud.  I am so happy for you!
 I hope that you have a great lunch and that your speech went will this 
 morning.
 
 ali
 
 

   
 Great!  Sorry YOU weren't there...
 I'm on my way out  for a lunch.  I'll call you later.   (I'm excited about 
 the exec committee, but it is a little big, so I told Skilling we should 
 rename it the exec villiage!)
 
 
 

 11/09/2000 11:06 AM

   
 how was the dinner?  I heard that there are PLENTY of girls there!  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
