
 
 Carol St. Clair will be the swap lawyer for this transaction.
 
 
 
 
 Scott Sefton
 02/24/2000 11:32 AM



  
 Mark,
 
 I finally got to speak with Mike yesterday. The short answer is that Nora 
 Dobin in Global Finance legal will be your contact person on everything other 
 than the swap. Mark Taylor (or his designee) will handle the swap.
 
 We will rely heavily on Ron Astin and Trena Chandler of V&E to assist us on 
 the Whitewing issues. In case you didn't know, Ron and Trena represented us 
 in the creation of Whitewing (and its holding company Condor) and have been 
 involved in all the subsequent Condor/Whitewing transactions. Because Jeff 
 Eldredge has a significant role in Margaux, I hope having V&E involved here 
 and in London will facilitate coordination on these issues.
 
 Cheers
 Scott
 
 
 
 Mark Evans
 02/24/2000 08:55 AM


  
 
 Scott,
 
 in Cynthia's absence, can you allocate someone else from your group to 
 oversee this? As you can see, we are in need of some immediate assistance on 
 Whitewing.
 
 Did you get the chance to speak to Mike Jakubik about Margaux? Can you help 
 out with Houston coordination or shall I just get on with it with Mark Taylor 
 and Jeff Hodge?
 
 Thanks.
 
 
          Mark
 
 
 
 
 




 
  
 Dear All,
 
 I will be leaving Enron Global Finance this Friday to join Enron Broadband 
 Services, Inc.  You should refer any inquiries in this regard to Scott 
 Sefton.  It was a pleasure working with you and I wish you great success in 
 finalyzing Margaux!  Please do not hesitate to contact me if I can help you 
 with anything in the future!  All the best!
 
 Cynthia
 
 
 
 Mark Evans
 02/23/2000 11:37 AM




  
 
 Donette,
 
 these questions need to be directed to the Whitewing legal team. I believe 
 this is Cynthia Harkness. I will then work with Cynthia to ensure her efforts 
 are coordinated with ours.
 
 
       Mark
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Donette Dewar
 23/02/2000 17:19




 
  
 As you may recall, the tax comments to the debt term sheet reflected a need 
 for an amendment to the Whitewing partnership agreement to admit ENA as a 
 partner. You also may recall that we briefly discussed the potential for 
 legal/accounting/other issues that may arise as a result of any such 
 amendment.  So that the Whitewing process can be moved forward, would you 
 please consider the following:
 
 1. Have any legal/accounting/other issues been identified as resulting from 
 an amendment to the Whitewing partnership agreement?
 
 2. If so, what are the potential solutions to any such issues?
 
 3. Have definite conclusions been reached regarding the economics of ENA's 
 preferred return on the Whitewing interest, such that a draft of the 
 necessary partnership allocations can be undertaken?
 
 4. Has a decision been made regarding who will be charged with drafting the 
 amendments?  Will it be the Margaux legal team?  The Houston Global Finance 
 legal group?  Other??
 
 Thanks, in advance, for your consideration of these issues.
 
 Kindest Regards,
 
 DMD    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
