
 
 Scott, what is our emissions strategy for these counterparties?
 
 Regards
 Delainey
  have submitted
 preliminary plans. Under the plans, nitrogen oxide and sulfur dioxide
 emissions would be slashed by up to 50 percent, and mercury, particulate
 and carbon dioxide pollution would be curbed.
 
      "Our Air Quality Improvement Plan demonstrates that environmental
 excellence works in today's competitive market," said James McGowan, senior
 vice president of Sithe. "This is a win-win program that will produce the
 best power plant for Sithe, the local communities and the environment as a
 whole."
 
      The statement counters many other utilities' position on the issue,
 particularly the Midwestern coal-fired plants subject to a massive EPA
 enforcement action initiated late last year to have the facilities use
 upgraded pollution control technology. Specifically, the lawsuit charges
 the utilities with noncompliance with New Source Review requirements of the
 Clean Air Act.
 
      The Massachusetts situation "does undercut the arguments of
 dirtier, Midwestern companies that claim it can't be done," said Frank
 O'Donnell, with Clean Air Trust.
 
      Pat Hemlepp, spokesperson for American Electric Power, one of the
 utilities involved in the EPA lawsuit, argued, however, "that is like
 comparing apples to oranges."
 
      Though Northeastern states blame the Midwest for pollution
 migrating in their air, Hemlepp explained that since there are no serious
 problems with non-attainment with CAA regulation in the Midwest, stricter
 controls on utilities operating in that part of the country are
 unnecessary. "States like Massachusetts have every right to go in and ask
 utilities within their state to upgrade. There are major non-attainment
 problems in the Northeast, so it makes sense," Hemlepp argued.
 
      And about EPA's lawsuit, "What people overlook is that EPA's
 lawsuit is not about emissions, it's about what is and isn't legal under
 the Clean Air Act. ... We feel very strongly that what we've done is
 legal," Hemlepp said. 
