
 
 Why don't you try feeding her again at night?  Maybe she will sleep better.  
 I feed Jack twice a day, and he is still skinny as a stick.  Isn't she on the 
 thin side anyway?  
 
 All dogs go through adjustments.  She may be trying to find out who is the 
 boss.  There are lots of little tricks I can tell you about to show her you 
 are the boss.  I'll try to make you a list while you are gone.  CRATE TRAIN 
 HER!!  It is one of the best things you will ever do for yourself.  She may 
 fuss at first, but she will love it. Crating her will calm her down. I 
 believe the Pointer Rescue people agree.  
 
 ckm
 
 


  
  
 I think I'll try the treat approach and see if that helps.  I scold her and 
 then tell her I love her and pet and kiss her and she pops right back.  She's 
 not a dumb dog, just a stubborn dog!
 
 I'm not feeling very good again today, probably lack of sleep!  She was 
 looking pretty drowsy herself this morning too, she didn't get her 10 hours 
 of sleep.  I bet the neighbors are just loving us.  Oh well!
 
 I'll print this out now.  How many of those pigs ears can I give her at 
 night.  We feed her in the morning and she's hungry again at night.  Although 
 dogs are pigs and always want more.  Help!
 
 
 

 	10/20/2000 12:07 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 If I had a printer, I wouldn't ask you to print this, but since I don't....
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 
 PS  Don't worry too much about Ruthie.  You'll get her figured out.
 
 This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the 
 addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or 
 confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this 
 e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
 copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited.  
 If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify me at 
 (212) 735-3000 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail 
 and any printout thereof.
 
 Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
 professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
 
  - 39444_4.doc
  - 39822_1.doc
  - 39820_1.doc
 
 
 
 
 
 
