
 
 Alan:
 
 Regarding the legal comments below:
 
 My impression was that the Joe had settled the choice of law issue:  i.e. the 
 umbrella documents (Password Application and Electronic Trading Agreement) 
 will be identical to those used in North America containing a New York choice 
 of law provision.  These agreements have been approved by local counsel in 
 Japan.  This is till my recommendation unless the commercial team decides 
 that a document governed by Japanese law is essential.  As is the case for 
 all EnronOnline trading, the online GTC's governing various commodities 
 contain an appropriate choice of law for that product (e.g. English law for 
 UK gas, New York law for US derivatives, etc.) regardless of where the 
 counterparty is situated.  When a Japanese product is offered, I would assume 
 that you will create a GTC governed by Japanese law, but last I heard that 
 bridge is still ahead of us.
 
 I don't know what the "international contracts" are that Rousseau refers to.  
 There is no standard agreement for online trading.  The ETA provides that if 
 a counterparty and the relevant Enron entity have a master agreement in place 
 (such as an ISDA Master Agreement for derivatives trading [is this what 
 Rousseau had in mind?]) such master will control the relevant transactions.  
 The choice of law in that master would be the subject of negotiation at the 
 time the master was signed.
 
 In summary, unless the commercial team has changed its mind on the documents, 
 the legal side of things is ready to go.
 
 Mark
 
 
 
 
 
 Alan Aronowitz
 04/03/2000 11:52 AM



  
 I have copied Mark Taylor on this note and asked him to call me to discuss. 
 We will update you and Rousseau as we learn more from the Enron Online people.
 
 Alan
 
 
 

 04/03/2000 12:48 AM

   
 Alan,
 
 Pls look into the legal comments made below.
 
 Joe
 
    
 	Enron International
 	
 	 	
 


 
  
 Dave,
 
 I understand that the meeting has been set for 2:00 p.m. on Monday in your 
 office.  I look forward to our getting together to nail down the details 
 while there is still an opportunity to make necessary adjustments. 
 
 On the subject of cover letters, there are several reasons for our approach:
 Given the urgency of completing the necessary pieces of the  mailing, it is 
 more expedient to include two letters than to go through approvals on a new 
 joint letter.
 We want our counterparties to understand that there are two avenues of 
 communication into Enron - EnronOnline (initially in English) for its 
 e-commerce platform and Enron Japan for a host of Japan specific business 
 lines.  It is important that we position them as separate but complementary.  
 It's very easy for people in this market to confuse multifaceted business 
 interests.  To be effective, we need to direct them to the appropriate 
 sources/authorities.
 At this point EnronOnline will only be available in English, so potential 
 users would need to be able to read your letter in English anyway.  
 However, in following Japanese protocols, many of the packets will need to be 
 sent to higher level officials, who would then pass the packet on to the end 
 users.  These are the people that we need to notify of Enron's Tokyo office 
 and that EnronOnline is one of the many products and services available 
 through Enron.  It is essential that this higher audience have the name of 
 just the top Enron official in Japan, otherwise they may think that they 
 should bypass the Enron Japan office and always go to Houston.  (In this 
 culture it is a real risk.)  This would  jeopardize Enron's strategy for 
 Japan.
 
 I hope the above mentioned considerations are helpful.  I look forward to 
 discussing this further when we meet Monday.
 
 John 
 
   
 
 
 

 03/31/2000 07:11 PM


 
  
 John,
 
 It seems strange to me that we will not be translating the cover letter. This 
 would mean that the cover letter is the only thing in the envelope which is 
 not in Japanese?
 
 Also, I'm wondering why we would have two cover letters. Would it not be 
 better to combine the messages into one?
 
 Perhaps we can discuss on Monday - I understand a conference call with the 
 recipients of this email is being set up.
 
 Dave
 
 


 
  
 Mario,
 We sent the translation to Kal yesterday afternoon, Japan time.  The cover 
 letter is fine with us (we don't plan to translate it, since users can read 
 English).  We plan to add another cover letter in Japanese from Hirl as 
 well.  If, in addition to Kal, you need the translation too, please let me 
 know.  I'll be back in the US next week if we need to discuss (I'll be 
 calling Kal to ask about printing delivery dates).
 Thanks,
 John
 
 
 

 03/31/2000 03:32 PM


 
  
 John,
 
 We were checking today the launch process for EOL in Japan. Could you please 
 let us know the status of the Press Release and the translation of the 
 "Getting Started", the ball brochure and the cover letter? Is there an 
 expected date for the completion of the translation?
 
 Thanks in advance,
 
 Mario
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
