
 
 If there is a deal shaping up, it's happening by and large through the 
 auspices of IEP.  We've thus far decided to maintain an arm's length 
 relationship with IEP, choosing not to get too close to the generators.  If 
 we want to influence any deal they cut, we'll need to assess how closely 
 aligned/associated with them we want to be.  Further we distance ourselves, 
 less likely we'll be cut in.  
 
 That said, Sue and I have been participating in IEP's (interminable) 
 conference calls and actively weighing in to influence what they do.  There 
 was considerable discussion on the last call about developing some sort of 
 "price cap" proposal that could form the basis of a deal, but no discussion 
 whatsoever regarding refunds of any kind.  There were differences of opinion 
 about the benefits of doing a deal on a cap
 
 









 
  
 IEP's public affairs consultant arranged an editorial board meeting for me 
 while I was in town for the NARUC meeting.  Present were Don Sevrens, news 
 editor/insight section; Bill Osborne, senior editor/opinion; Jim Gogek, 
 editorial writer; Bernie Jones, editor, opinion pages; Craig Rose, the 
 reporter who has written extensively on the topic, and a photographer.
 
 My two primary messages were that (1) wholesale and retail competition is 
 working elsewhere, particularly in Pennsylvania, and can eventually work in 
 California if the rules are changed, and (2) California has a severe supply 
 shortage and needs to focus on providing incentives for new generation and 
 expediting the permitting process.  I was subtly trying to get across the 
 message that leadership was needed to help Californians deal with the need to 
 reconcile their environmental and land use goals with the need to bring their 
 power supply and demand into balance.  I, of course, defended FERC's order on 
 the causes of the price volatility in California this summer and their lack 
 of any authority to order retroactive refunds.  I also pointed out that there 
 were no findings of individual market abuse, so that refunds wouldn't be 
 warranted even if there was legal authority.  I also pointed out the problems 
 with price caps.
 
 Other than Craig Rose, who disagreed with me any chance he got, the others 
 asked good questions and seemed to be listening.  They made the point 
 repeatedly that this matter is very political, suggesting that a political 
 compromise with the generators/marketers is necessary.  One of them said he 
 had heard there was a deal with the generators being negotiated and asked me 
 my position.  I responded that I had no response.  Anything like that is the 
 business of individual members.
 
 They indicated that they expected to do a story for this coming Sunday's 
 Insight Section.  Please give me any feedback you have.
 
         Jim Macias, Calpine, by fax
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
