
 
 In case you had not heard, Lou Pai has done some fundraising for Franks and 
 both he and his(Lou's) sister know him fairly well.  Keep it in mind if at 
 some point we need to get in to see him.
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 





 
  
 Clayton:
 
 Here are some preliminary answers to your questions (and I have copied GPG 
 and Government Affairs folks as well to share this information):  
 
 1)  I am currently assessing the situation regarding pipeline safety 
 legislation.  This week has been very quiet on Capitol Hill as all of the 
 members are back in the states on August recess running for re-election and 
 it is a big vacation week for staff...but here's what I am hearing:
 
 As you may or may not know, we have been been very active this year trying to 
 temper pipeline safety legislation that was fairly reactionary in the wake of 
 last summer's liquid pipeline accident in Bellingham, WA.   
 
 SENATE:  In June, Senators John McCain (R-AZ) and Slade Gorton (R-WA) led the 
 charge to pass a pipeline safety bill (S. 2438) out of the Senate Commerce 
 Committee, and that bill is awaiting floor action in the Senate.   Because of 
 the hasty way in which S. 2438 was drafted and passed, there was a 
 realization by both Republicans and Democrats in the Senate that the bill 
 could not make it to the floor for a vote until some serious changes were 
 made  and something more 
 reasonable than the McCain bill.   With that said, there may be an effort to 
 expand the bill in a few areas because of the El Paso accident, so we'll have 
 to see what kind of hand we're dealt in the next few weeks.  
 
 Overall, I'd expect pipeline safety legislation to be given higher priority 
 when Congress returns after Labor Day.  In the absence of this accident, I 
 would have given it slim odds of passing in the few short weeks until 
 adjournment, with appropriations bills taking up most of Congress' precious 
 time.   Now there will be greater pressure to come to consensus and move 
 bills through by an expedited process, so that everyone running for election 
 in November can show that they've done something about this terrible 
 tragedy.   With that said, there's still not that much time to get 
 legislation through, so I'd say that there's still a chance it may not get 
 done this year.   If I had to attach a number to it, I'd say that the El Paso 
 accident improves the chances of legislation going all the way to probably 
 50-60%.
 
 2)  Gas supply to California:   I'll have to do some more checking in this 
 area and get back to you.   All I've heard so far is that the safety 
 questions that remain may slow the speed of restarting flow on the line, 
 notwithstanding that El Paso thinks it can have things running again fairly 
 quickly.   I'm sure the power crunch in California will put some 
 counter-pressure on, but I just don't have good intelligence on this yet.
 
 With all this said, I'm on vacation this week and parts of next week 
 finishing up some leave I've taken for the birth of our new baby daughter, so 
 I may not have an additional report for you until early to mid next week.
 
 If you have questions, please respond by e-mail, or leave a message on my 
 voice mail at 202-466-9157.
 
 Regards,
 
 Jeff Keeler
 
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
 Sent by: Allison Navin


 
  
 Jeff Keeler in our office handles pipeline safety issues and I am copying him 
 on this e-mail so that he may reply to you directly.  Also, Cynthia is out of 
 the office through the end of the week but will be reachable tomorrow and 
 Friday.  Thanks.
 
 Allison
 
 

 08/22/2000 06:29 PM
 
 

  
  
 
 	
 
 Hi Cynthia:
 
 The commercial officers here are very concerned with the El Paso pipeline 
 explosion in New Mexico.  We would love to get some input from your group on 
 the following questions if possible:
 
 1.  What is the status of pipeline safety legislation on the Hill, and what 
 is the outlook for action between now and the end of the year?
 
 2.  What are people from California saying about the added pressure on gas 
 supplies, and what are people from New Mexico saying about restarting the 
 flow of gas while safety questions remain?
 
 These questions come straight from the top, and any information you could 
 provide would be very helpful.  Please write me back or call and let me know 
 if/when you think we might be able to get some initial answers.
 
 Thanks very much!
 
 Clay 
 
 
 
 
 
 
