
 
 Twanda, please take the text of this email and turn it into a document that 
 is presentable so that I can give it to Mark at our Quarterly Business Review 
 Meeting at 2:00 Monday  arranged for Littler, Mendelson to 
 provide training for CGAS personnel.
 
 East Coast Power:  Agreements, advice and counselling on various issues.
 
 Anticipated Issues for December 2000 - February 2001
 
 CGAS:  Revising employment agreements for key personnel.
 
 Mariner:  Employment agreement negotiation.
 
 
 Conclusions
 
 
 ENA:  ENA has not been able to hire commercial talent at the levels of 
 manager and above.  I expect to see a great emphasis on hiring.  Lavorato has 
 placed processes in place for hiring at that level, including the requirement 
 of an interview with the OOC before someone can be hired at the level of 
 manager or above.  
 
 Salaries need to be reviewed for equity (by gender as well as by race).
 
 Net Works:  Net Works has hired over 800 employees and contractors in 2000.  
 I expect that a portion of those will be bad hires and will have to be 
 managed out.  Generally, the IT personnel are not the best about counselling 
 and documentation, so there may be significant work to be done to  ensure 
 that risks are managed in that situation.  I have seen improvement in that 
 group working with HR, and they have invited me to conduct training, so it 
 may improve over time.
 
 Contractors are another issue at Net Works.  A significant portion of the 
 work force is contract personnel.  Microsoft issues could arise if 
 contractors are allowed to stay on too long.
 
 Misclassification under the FLSA is another issue.  Net Works has too many 
 employees in the "exempt" category who should be classified as "non-exempt."  
 I have raised this issue with HR, and they are working through it.  It will 
 not be an easy fix.
 
 EIM:  The biggest issues facing EIM include the attraction and retention of 
 talent as well as M&A activity.  HR has hired a person from Azurix to handle 
 diligence for EIM, but only time will tell whether she will be able to handle 
 the job.  
 
 EGM:  EGM has the same issues of hiring and retention of talent as other 
 groups within Wholesale.  That, plus the added earnings pressures, will make 
 retention of key personnel essential.  I expect to see continued pressure to 
 shorten the non-compete duration for this group.
