
 
 Guys, it will be very difficult to get money out of the power group - is the 
 expectation that I come up with the dollars - just curious.  Are we not 
 circumventing the spirit of the political contribution rules?
 
 Regards
 Delainey
 
 
 
 Barbara A Hueter
 09/14/2000 03:28 PM
 
  
 Per our phone conversation, following is a list of key legislative leaders 
 deserving of Enron's support.  This list has been developed by our 
 counsel/legislative agents in Nashville: Bill Bruce, Gif Thornton and Robert 
 Gowan.
 
 Please feel free to call me to discuss further.  You can reach me on my cell 
 phone this afternoon and all day tomorrow.  I will be in the office on Monday.
 
 Lieutenant Governor: Senator John Wilder (Democrat)
 $2,500
 Represents Brownsville in the Senate.
 Sponsor of 1999 gross receipts tax exemption legislation for Brownsville.
 Has a serious opponent this November.
 The Senate elects the Lieutenant Governor who also serves as the head of the 
 Senate.  It is in Enron's best interst that John Wilder win the election and 
 be re-elected Lieutenant Governor. 
 
 Rep. Jimmy Naifey
 $1,000
 Speaker of the House
 Represents Brownsvile.
 
 Senate Candidate Larry Trail (Democrat)
 $2,000
 John Wilder's personal mission, besides his own election, is to get Larry 
 elected to the Senate (it is an open seat that is being vacated by a 
 Democrat).
 If the Democrats lose this seat there is a very good chance that Senator 
 Wilder will not be re-elected Lieutenant Governor because the Democrats will 
 have lost the majority in the Senate.
 
 Rep. Matt Kisber (Democrat)
 $1,500
 Represents the Jackson area.
 Very pro-business Democrat.
 Is in a very tough race because the district was redrawn and it now majority 
 Republican.
 Matt is the chair of the House Finance, Ways and Means Committee - which 
 hears all gross receipts tax matters.
 Was very helpful to Enron on the gross receipts legislation.
 
 Senator Jerry Cooper
 $1,000
 Chair of the Senate Commerce Committee
 His committee hears all legislation relating to energy and power plants.
 
 Rep. Shelby Rinehart
 $500
 Chair of Commerce Committe (all energy and power plant issues) and powerful 
 member of the House Finance and Ways and Means Committee.
 He is extremely powerful.  Bill, Gif and Robert have a very good relationship 
 and rely on him for assistance for their clients regularly.
 
 Unless otherwise noted, checks should be make payable to "Friends of 
".
 
 Please forward to Bill Bruce fo personal delivery.  (or if you want to get 
 them to me I can pass them along)
 Bill Bruce
 Stokes, Bartholomew, Evans and Petree P.A.
 Sun Trust Financial Center
 424 Church Street, Suite 2800
 Nashville, TN 37219-2386
 
 
 
 
 
 
