
 
 Bummer.  Thanks for the quick answer.  The Maritimes case does give us at 
 least a small foothold to use.  DF
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 


 
  
 My several hours of on-line research on this last Sept. turned up nothing on 
 point.  The only case that even addressed the issue of confidentiality of 
 contracts in a certificate context was one I'll excerpt here:
 
 
 
 In Amoco Production Company and Amoco Energy Trading Company V. Natural Gas 
 Pipeline Company of America, 82 FERC P 61,037 (1998), which involved a 
 request for confidentiality of a gas sales agreement, the Commission 
 explained why a gas sales agreement should be given confidential treatment 
 but transportation contracts should not:  
 
 the Commission has explicitly held that gas transportation rates stand on a 
 different
 footing from gas sales rates because pipelines and their competitors are 
 subject to similar disclosure
 requirements. In ANR Pipeline Co., the Commission explained that unlike gas 
 sales in a
 competitive market, transportation of natural gas is still regulated under 
 the assumption that the pipeline
 exercises market power. Even where transportation competition exists, that 
 competition is from other
 pipelines that are likely to be subject to similar filing and reporting 
 requirements. 
 
 There were several cases denying confidential treatment of rates in the 
 context of Section 4 cases.  
 
 Just to make sure I found everything, I'll do some follow up sometime in the 
 next few days and let you know if I find anything. 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 





 
  
 Susan's draft has inspired me to vent months worth of frustration at the 
 Commission.  To save Susan from trying to translate my weird scribbles, I'm 
 having Martha type up my vitriol.  Please hold off on detailed comments on 
 Susan's draft unless you've already finished them.  I'll circulate a revised 
 draft to you all later today.  In the mean time, Susan and Frank and Steve, 
 are there not some cases in which the Commission has specifically granted 
 confidential treatment of precedent agreements or discount agreements in 
 expansion cases.  I know the bulk of authority is against us, but I seem to 
 recall at least a few stray decisions where the Commission granted confid. 
 treatment (even if only for a limited time).  Lets talk.  Thanks. DF 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 





 
  
 Here is the attachment...
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 





 
  
 Attached is my draft of a request for rehearing.  It incorporates Mr. 
 Stojic's and Mr. Kelly's initial comments.  Please review it and let me know 
 if you have any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon (I will be out of the 
 office Monday).  Thank you!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
