
 
 yes
 
 
 

 	09/26/2000 08:51 AM
 		 

 		  		  
 Should we ask the guy that did the deal with Champion Paper to write a 
 response?
  now spends about a third as 
 much per capita
   as most states in the Northeast, including Connecticut and New Jersey, 
 according to
   figures from the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority.
 
   Last month, a report filed with the State Public Service Commission 
 recommended an
   increase in financing for the efficiency program. The report was produced 
 by representatives
   of the electricity industry, working alongside consumer and environmental 
 groups. But the
   state's utilities, including New York State Electric and Gas, Niagara 
 Mohawk and Con Ed,
   refused to support the final report because they were unhappy with its 
 conclusions.
 
   '' Deregulation undermined the role of utilities in promoting energy 
 efficiency,'' said Edward
   A. Smeloff, the executive director of the Pace Law School Energy Project, a 
 research and
   advocacy group that helped write the report. As electricity companies have 
 become more
   conscious of the bottom line under deregulation , Mr. Smeloff said, 
 demand-reduction
   programs have become a threat to profits.
 
   For utilities that buy most of their power from other companies, moving 
 more electricity
   through the wires has become the primary way to increase profits, Mr. 
 Smeloff said. ''That's
   the business,'' he added.
 
   Utility officials say that much of their demand problems come down to one 
 hour each year,
   that moment of peak demand when consumers are using the most electricity. 
 To a great
   degree, planning revolves around the need to have adequate supply for that 
 crucial moment
   so as to avoid blackouts. But experts like Mr. Smeloff say the tools 
 already exist to
   dampen those peaks, and reduce prices to consumers as well, if only a 
 constituency
   existed to push for the changes.
 
   Many business and residential energy uses are routine and could be 
 postponed for a few
   hours to dampen load on peak days, a plan that efficiency experts say would 
 be particularly
   easy in New York City commercial buildings where energy use is centrally 
 controlled and
   monitored. In England, one electricity provider created lower rates for 
 consumers who ran
   appliances like washing machines and dishwashers in off-peak hours. The 
 program became
   so popular that power use in the middle of the night went up significantly 
 during the
   discount-pricing window.
 
   Environmentalists also worry that increasing power capacity beyond the real 
 demand in
   New York could create a kind of self-fueling spiral. If too many new plants 
 are built, they
   say, prices will probably fall, encouraging people to use more electricity, 
 while at the same
   time reducing incentives to save energy or use more efficient products.
 
   In New York and elsewhere in the country, much of the growth in demand is 
 being driven by
   the spread of air-conditioning, especially from people buying extra units 
 to cool more parts
   of their homes. Last year, Con Ed began a kind of visual history project in 
 which employees
   began regularly photographing 90 apartment buildings in New York City and 
 counting the
   number of window air-conditioners. In one year, the total went up by 5 
 percent.
 
   Some energy experts say more air-conditioning could further increase the 
 spurts in demand
   that could in turn lead to more power plants, which many scientists say are 
 prime sources
   of the greenhouse gases blamed for global warming.
 
   ''We have hotter summers because of greenhouse gases and more greenhouse 
 gases
   because of more air-conditioning,'' said Joseph Romm, the executive 
 director of the Center
   for Energy and Climate Solutions, a nonprofit consulting institute based in 
 Virginia. ''It would
   certainly be ironic if people decided that the solution was more power 
 plants.'' 
 
   Chart: ''LEDGER: Efficiency Plans'' While New York State makes plans to 
 increase its
   electric power supply, it is doing less to promote the efficient use of 
 existing power. Graph
   tracks spending for efficiency programs since 1992. SPENDING PER CAPITA
   CONNECTICUT: $33.33 MASSACHUSETTS: $32.69 NEW JERSEY: $29.18 RHODE
   ISLAND: $17.00 NEW YORK: $9.67 (Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council; 
 New
   York State Energy Research and Development Authority)(pg. B6) 
 
 
                                                   
 
   Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 
   
 
