
 
  Fuel cell developer Dais-Analytic Corp. 
 of Odessa, FL announced today an alliance with Enron North America, a wholly 
 owned subsidiary of Enron Corp. 
 As part of the alliance, Enron has made an equity investment in Dais-Analytic 
 and will support market development, distribution and other field services 
 for Dais-Analytic's fuel cell, humidity control and related products. 
 Financial details of the agreement were not released.
 "Our partnership with Enron provides needed capital to accelerate the 
 commercialization of our products," said Timothy Tangredi, Dais-Analytic's 
 chairman and chief executive officer. "More importantly, it creates worldwide 
 opportunities for the distribution, sales and service of our fuel cell power 
 systems and membrane-based humidity control products." 
 Dais-Analytic, created last year from the merger of Dais Corp. of Odessa, FL 
 and Analytic Power Corp. of Boston, MA, is a privately held developer of 
 distributed generation fuel cell systems for homes and small businesses as 
 well as portable fuel cells for backup and standby generators, 
 uninterruptible power supplies, and hybrid fuel cell/battery electric utility 
 vehicles. Its patented technologies include low cost fuel cell membranes that 
 are also being developed for dehumidification applications.
 
 
 /CONTACT: Glenn Doell of Dais-Analytic Corp.,727-375-8484, ext. 202, or 

 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 
 
 Enron Names J. Clifford Baxter Vice Chairman
 
 10/18/2000
 Dow Jones News Service
 (Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)
 
 HOUSTON -(Dow Jones)- Enron Corp. (ENE) named J. Clifford Baxter, the chief 
 strategy officer, vice chairman. 
 A company spokeswoman said Baxter will retain his role as chief strategy 
 officer.
 In a press release Wednesday, the company said Baxter joined Enron in 1991 
 and was chairman and chief executive of Enron North America prior to being 
 named Enron's chief strategy officer in June. 
 An Enron spokeswoman said Baxter will relinquish his role as chief strategy 
 officer. The company hasn't determined whether it intends to fill the 
 position. 
 The spokeswoman added that Joseph Sutton remains vice chairman with duties 
 focused on Enron's operations. 
 -Eamon Beltran; Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5400 
 
 (CORRECTED 06:31 PM)
 
 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 
 
 CORRECT: Enron Vice Chairman Baxter To Remain Chief Strategy
 
 10/18/2000
 Dow Jones News Service
 (Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)
 
 Enron Corp. (ENE) named J. Clifford Baxter, the chief strategy officer, vice 
 chairman. 
 A company spokeswoman said Baxter will retain his role as chief strategy 
 officer.
 (An item that ran at 4:08 p.m. EDT stated that Baxter will relinquish this 
 role. A company spokesman has since said Baxter will remain chief strategy 
 officer).
 
 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
