
 
  the
 state commissioner announced that health providers who are
 HIV-positive need not. .. need not ... tell their patients that
 they are infected.
 
 At William and Mary, students tried to change the name of the
 school team "The Tribe" because it was supposedly insulting
 to local Indians, only to learn that authentic Virginia chiefs
 truly like the name.
 
 In San Francisco, city fathers passed an ordinance protecting the
 rights of transvestites to cross-dress on the job, and for
 transsexuals to have separate toilet facilities while undergoing
 sex change surgery.
 
 In New York City, kids who don't speak a word of Spanish have been
 placed in bilingual classes to learn their three R's in
 Spanish solely because their last names sound Hispanic. At the
 University of Pennsylvania, in a state where thousands died
 at Gettysburg opposing slavery, the president of that college
 officially set up segregated dormitory space for black students.
 Yeah, I know ... that's out of bounds now. Dr. King said "Negroes."
 Jimmy Baldwin and most of us on the March said "black." But it's a
 no-no now.
 
 For me, hyphenated identities are awkward ... particularly
 "Native-American." I'm a Native American, for God's sake. I also
 happen to be a blood-initiated brother of the Miniconjou Sioux. On
 my wife's side, my grandson is a 13th-generation Native American
 ... with a capital letter on "American." Finally, just last month
 ... David Howard, head of the Washington D.C. Office of Public
 Advocate, used the word "niggardly" while talking to colleagues
 about budgetary matters. Of course, 'niggardly' means stingy or
 scanty. But within days Howard was forced to publicly apologize and
 resign.
 
 As columnist Tony Snow wrote: "David Howard got fired because some
 people in public employ were morons who (a) didn't know the meaning
 of 'niggardly,' (b) didn't know how to use a dictionary to discover
 the meaning, and ,actually demanded that he apologize for their
 ignorance." What does all of this mean? It means that telling us
 what to think has evolved into telling us what to say, so telling
 us what to do can't be far behind.
 
 Before you claim to be a champion of free thought, tell me: Why did
 political correctness originate on America's campuses?
 And why do you continue to tolerate it? Why do you, who're supposed
 to debate ideas, surrender to their suppression?
 
 Let's be honest. Who here thinks your professors can say what they
 really believe? It scares me to death, and should scare
 you too, that the superstition of political correctness rules the
 halls of reason.
 
 You are the best and the brightest. You, here in the fertile cradle
 of American academia, here in the castle of learning on the
 Charles River, you are the cream. But I submit that you, and your
 counterparts across the land, are the most socially
 conformed and politically silenced generation since Concord Bridge.
 
 And as long as you validate that ... and abide it ... you are-by
 your grandfathers' standards-cowards.
 
 Here's another example. Right now at more than one major
 university, Second Amendment scholars and researchers are
 being told to shut up about their findings or they'll lose their
 jobs. Why? Because their research findings would undermine
 big-city mayor's pending lawsuits that seek to extort hundreds of
 millions of dollars from firearm manufacturers.
 
 I don't care what you think about guns. But if you are not shocked
 at that, I am shocked at you. Who will guard the raw
 material of unfettered ideas, if not you? Who will defend the core
 value of academia, if you supposed soldiers of free thought
 and expression lay down your arms and plead, "Don't shoot me." If
 you talk about race, it does not make you a racist. If you
 see distinctions between the genders, it does not make you a
 sexist. If you think critically about a denomination, it does not
 make you anti-religion. If you accept but don't celebrate
 homosexuality, it does not make you a homophobe.
 
 Don't let America's universities continue to serve as incubators
 for this rampant epidemic of new McCarthyism. But what can you do?
 How can anyone prevail against such pervasive social subjugation?
 
 The answer's been here all along. I learned it 36 years ago, on the
 steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C.,
 standing with Dr. Martin Luther King and two hundred thousand
 people. You simply ... disobey. Peaceably, yes. Respectfully, of
 course. Nonviolently, absolutely. But when told how to think or
 what to say or how to behave, we don't. We disobey social protocol
 that stifles and stigmatizes personal freedom.
 
 I learned the awesome power of disobedience from Dr. King ... who
 learned it from Gandhi, and Thoreau and Jesus and every other great
 man who led those in the right against those with the might.
 
 Disobedience is in our DNA. We feel innate kinship with that
 Disobedient spirit that tossed tea into Boston Harbor, that sent
 Thoreau to jail, that refused to sit in the back of the bus, that
 protested a war in Vietnam.
 
 In that same spirit, I am asking you to disavow cultural
 correctness with massive disobedience of rogue authority, social
 directives and onerous law that weaken personal freedom.
 
 But be careful ... it hurts. Disobedience demands that you put
 yourself at risk. Dr. King stood on lots of balconies. You must
 be willing to be humiliated ... to endure the modern-day equivalent
 of the police dogs at Montgomery and the water Cannons at Selma.
 You must be willing to experience discomfort. I'm not Complaining,
 but my own decades of social activism have taken their toll on me.
 Let me tell you a story.
 
 A few years back I heard about a rapper named Ice-T who was selling
 a CD called "Cop Killer" celebrating ambushing and
 murdering police officers. It was being marketed by none other than
 Time/Warner, the biggest entertainment conglomerate in the world.
 Police across the country were outraged. Rightfully so-at least one
 had been murdered. But Time/Warner was
 stonewalling because the CD was a cash cow for them, and the media
 were tiptoeing around it because the rapper was black.
 
 I heard Time/Warner had a stockholders meeting scheduled in Beverly
 Hills. I owned some shares at the time, so I decided to attend.
 What I did there was against the advice of my family and
 colleagues. I asked for the floor. To a hushed room of a
 thousand average American stockholders, I simply read the full
 lyrics of "Cop Killer"-every vicious, vulgar, instructional word.
 
 "I GOT MY 12 GAUGE SAWED OFF
 I GOT MY HEADLIGHTS TURNED OFF
 I'm ABOUT TO BUST SOME SHOTS OFF
 I'm ABOUT TO DUST SOME COPS OFF..."
 
 It got worse, a lot worse. I won't read the rest of it to you. But
 trust me, the room was a sea of shocked, frozen, blanched
 faces. The Time/Warner executives squirmed in their chairs and
 stared at their shoes. They hated me for that.
 
 Then I delivered another volley of sick lyric brimming with racist
 filth, where Ice-T fantasizes about sodomizing two 12-year old
 nieces of Al and Tipper Gore. "SHE PUSHED HER BUTT AGAINST MY ...."
 
 Well, I won't do to you here what I did to them. Let's just say I
 left the room in echoing silence.
 
 When I read the lyrics to the waiting press corps, one of them said
 "We can't print that." "I know," I replied, "but Time/Warner _s
 selling it."
 
 Two months later, Time/Warner terminated Ice-T's contract. I'll
 never be offered another film by Warners, or get a good review from
 Time magazine. But disobedience means you must be willing to act,
 not just talk.
 
 When a mugger sues his elderly victim for defending herself ... jam
 the switchboard of the district attorney's office. When your
 university is pressured to lower standards until 80 percent of the
 students graduate with honors ... choke the halls of the board of
 regents. When an 8-year-old boy pecks a girl's cheek on the
 playground and gets hauled into court for sexual harassment
 ...march on that school and block its doorways.
 
 When someone you elected is seduced by political power and betrays
 you ... petition them, oust them, banish them. When
 Time magazine's cover portrays millennium nuts as deranged, crazy
 Christians holding a cross as it did last month ... boycott
 their magazine and the products it advertises.
 
 So that this nation may long endure, I urge you to follow in the
 hallowed footsteps of the great disobediences of history that
 freed exiles, founded religions, defeated tyrants, and yes, in the
 hands of an aroused rabble in arms and a few great men, by
 God's grace, built this country.
 
 If Dr. King were here, I think he would agree.
 
 Thank you.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  - att1.htm
