
 
 
 AL MICHAELS: Hello and welcome to another edition of ABC's Monday Night
 Football, tonight broadcasting from beautiful Fed Ex Field in
 Washington,
 D.C. I'm Al Michaels, and joining me in the booth are two new members of
 the ABC family, Dennis Miller and Dan Fouts.
 
 DENNIS MILLER: Wow, Monday Night Football. I don't want to appear
 nervous,
 but I'm under more strain right now than Linda Tripp's capri pants. I
 have
 to tell you, I'm conflicted about this. I usually like to be the
 outsider,
 the rabble-rouser, the iconoclast, but I also like a nice seat at a
 sporting
 event.
 And this seat is as nice as they get - except I think I took one of
 Boomer's
 old squeak toys up the  it, where's my propeller hat?
 MICHAELS: The handoff is to Stephen Davis, who is tackled at the 39-yard
 line by defensive tackle Henry Thomas. But there's a flag on the play.
 MILLER: I'd have to say that was the poorest result since O.J. took the
 lie-detector test. And look at that ref, will ya? He's got more nervous
 tics
 than a Belfast valet.
 MICHAELS: That play will be brought back, making it first and 20 from
 the
 49-yard line.
 MILLER: Hey, who took my Raisinettes? Damn you, Roone Arledge! Damn you
 to
 hell!
 MICHAELS: George back to pass ... and the throw to Westbrook falls
 incomplete. Ty Law covering on the play.
 MILLER: I don't want to be a downer here, but how about throwin' the
 freakin' ball to the other side of the field, you know, cha-cha? You've
 got
 Westbrook drawing a bigger crowd than Anna Kournikova at the
 maximum-security lockdown at Rikers, while meanwhile the kid on the
 other
 side is lonelier than a hooker at a Star Trek convention.
 MICHAELS: To be fair, there have only been four plays so far.
 MILLER: Come on Al, you missing link. That receiver is being shunned
 like an Amish kid with a nipple ring. The left side of the field is to
 George as a shower is to the French. You've got a better shot at hearing
 Charlie
 Sheen give the keynote address at a Promise Keepers rally than you do of
 ever -
 MICHAELS: Sorry to break in on you, Dennis, but Washington is guilty of
 a
 false start, and that will set them back another five yards.
 MILLER: The ref is whipping out that flag like it's the only lighter at
 a
 crack house.
 Later that evening:
 MICHAELS: So your final score is Washington 17, New England 10. We're
 headed
 off to San Francisco for our next Monday night broadcast, hope to see
 you
 there.
 MILLER: I may be late; I don't fly. It'll be me in my Chevy Nova playing
 Mad
 Max with the Madden Cruiser all the way down Route 66, and you'll know
 I'm
 winning when Pavorotti starts hurling six-legged turkeys out the
 skylight
 for ballast.
 MICHAELS: What will you be doing with your remaining time in Washington,
 D.C.?
 FOUTS: Doing a little sightseeing.
 MILLER: I'll be back at the hotel, masturbating like a red-assed monkey
 watching the Banana Channel.
 MICHAELS: So from all of us here at Monday Night Football, see you next
 week...
