
 
 See Dow Jones newswire story at the end
  
 On the Net: 
 Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy site: http://www.itepnet.org
 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 
 
 US Rep Drafts Bill To Impose Windfall Tax On Pwr Companies.
 By JASON LEOPOLD
 
 10/19/2000
 Dow Jones Energy Service
 (Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)
 
 OF DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
 LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- California's summer of soaring wholesale 
 electricity prices helped boost the stock price of many energy companies in 
 the third quarter.
 But if U.S. Rep. Bob Filner, D-Calif., gets his way, those companies will be 
 forced to pay back hundreds of millions of dollars in profit to utilities, 
 customers and the government. 
 Filner introduced a bill in the House of Representatives last week that would 
 impose a windfall profit tax on wholesale power sold throughout the western 
 U.S. 
 The bill, which was referred to the House Committee on Ways and Means, may be 
 discussed in December or January, according to Filner, and if he gets enough 
 support by the mostly Republican caucus, companies like Enron Corp. (ENE), 
 Duke Energy North America (DUK), Southern Co. (SO). Reliant Energy (REI) and 
 Dynegy (DYN), would only be allowed to show a certain amount of profit and 
 anything over that amount would be taxed 100%. 
 Filner said the amount of profit hasn't been determined but his bill calls 
 for a baseline that would be a "just and reasonable" amount of profit. 
 The congressman's San Diego constituents were paying market-based electricity 
 rates in the summer which resulted in triple-digit utility bills. He said 
 generators are gouging California customers and need to be held responsible. 
 "This is not just a problem of supply and demand," Filner told Dow Jones 
 Newswires. "This is stealing. And we want our money back." 
 State and federal regulators are conducting separate investigations into 
 California's wholesale power crisis. The findings, expected to be complete in 
 about two weeks, are aimed at determining if generators or other key players 
 manipulated the state's wholesale energy market. 
 At least two major energy companies are being investigated by California 
 Attorney General Bill Lockyer. A high level source working on the probe with 
 the Attorney General said third-quarter earnings statements will play a major 
 role in finding out if generators manipulated the market. 
 Their investigation isn't turning up much evidence but earnings statements 
 are showing that profits are up significantly largely due to wholesale prices 
 in California, the source said. 
 At least one Federal Energy Regulatory Commissioner, who spoke on the 
 condition of anonymity, said the wholesale electricity market in California 
 will be in for a "rude awakening" when the agency completes its 
 investigation. 
 "There will be some serious structural changes to the market," the 
 commissioner said. 
 Representatives from energy companies told Dow Jones Newswires that higher 
 profits weren't the result of illegal activity or manipulating the market. 
 Energy Cos. Say Summer Crisis Boosted 3Q Earnings 
 On Wednesday, Duke Energy, which owns and operates power plants in 
 California, said in an earnings statement that third-quarter profit rose 74%, 
 due in part, to high wholesale prices in California in the summer. Enron and 
 several other companies reported similar third-quarter increases based on 
 California's summer of skyrocketing power prices. 
 The congressman doesn't want to limit the proposed windfall tax to 
 California, but where generators sell power in the western U.S. 
 But even Filner admits that forcing generators to refund part of their 
 profits isn't getting the early support it needs to become law. 
 "If the democrats were in charge I'd have this bill voted on already," Filner 
 said. 
 Filner said if the bill is passed some of the money would be refunded to 
 consumers and utilities, the victims, as he refers to them. 
 Meanwhile, he's also working on getting the House to pass a separate bill to 
 roll back electricity rates in the western U.S. to pre-deregulation levels 
 and he's trying to gather support for a wind power initiative. 
 Regardless of the outcome, the congressman is dead set on making noise. 
 "If nothing happens, I'm thinking about holding a press conference with the 
 San Diego District Attorney," he said. "We'll press criminal charges against 
 the energy companies." -By Jason Leopold; Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874;

 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 
