
 
 Funny thing.  Right after we'd discussed my company's mark to market 
 accounting in class on Monday, this article showed up on Wednesday.  Thought 
 you might be interested.
 
 TEXAS JOURNAL  such as the assumptions they use for market volatility 
 and long-term price forecasts for natural gas and electricity. Nor is the 
 company required to disclose more. 
  
   "The disclosure mentions risks," says John Cassidy, an analyst who tracks 
 Dynegy for Moody's Investors Service in New York. "But I don't know that the 
 disclosure offers enough detail for you to be able to quantify how much risk 
 there is." 
  
   El Paso's filings warn that "because the valuation of these financial 
 instruments can involve estimates, changes in the assumptions underlying 
 these 
 estimates can occur, changing our valuation and potentially resulting in 
 financial losses." Enron cautions that the values it assigns to various 
 transactions are based on "management's best estimate." 
  
   The companies are required to disclose what they think their maximum 
 potential 
 single-day risk-management losses might be, figures that also are based on 
 various undisclosed market assumptions. But energy traders cite competitive 
 reasons for not disclosing more. 
  
   "You don't necessarily want to tip off everyone to what you're doing," says 
 John Harrison, chief financial officer for El Paso's merchant-energy unit. 
  
   Echoing remarks by executives at other energy traders, Enron's executive 
 vice 
 president and chief accounting officer, Richard Causey, says Enron runs a 
 relatively balanced portfolio and that the estimates factored into his 
 company's 
 valuations are conservative. In large part, he says, those estimates are 
 based 
 on quoted market prices where available. Where they're not available, Mr. 
 Causey 
 says Enron bases its estimates in part on long-term pricing trends, as well 
 as 
 the company's own trading experience, which dates to 1990. 
  
   Further, Mr. Causey says, Enron's unrealized gains don't depend heavily on 
 gains from long-term contracts that extend beyond the periods for which 
 market 
 quotes are available, reducing the potential for significant earnings 
 revisions. 
 The average length of Enron's risk-management contracts is just two years, he 
 says. To be sure, though, some of Enron's electricity contracts extend for 25 
 years. 
  
   "We're getting the cash in quicker than you might think," Mr. Causey says. 
 "They don't stay unrealized very long." 
  
   El Paso says its contracts have an average life of six years, with some 
 running as long as 20 years. Dynegy says the longest risk-management 
 contracts 
 for which it uses mark-to-market accounting are 10 years, though it doesn't 
 disclose an average length. Dynegy's chief financial officer, Robert Doty, 
 says 
 96% of the company's gas contracts close out by 2002, while 75% of its power 
 contracts expire by 2003. "The cash will come in," he says. 
  
   As for why the company doesn't disclose the extent of any bias, bullish or 
 bearish, it has in the market, Dynegy executives say that information, like 
 the 
 estimates behind its mathematical models, is proprietary. Such disclosures 
 may 
 be outdated anyway by the time they could be included in public financial 
 filings, says Michael Mott, a Dynegy vice president. Mr. Mott further 
 explains 
 that Dynegy could be realizing more cash earnings now if it wanted to. But 
 "we 
 don't see that would be in the best interests of shareholders," Mr. Mott 
 says, 
 because the company figures it can earn more later by leaving much of its 
 gains 
 unrealized for now. 
  
   Mr. Linsmeier of Michigan State compares the current situation for energy 
 traders with the accounting controversies that engulfed subprime automobile 
 and 
 residential lenders during the late 1990s, though he emphasizes it's too far 
 early to tell whether the consequences will be similar. Using so-called 
 gain-on-sale accounting (a form of mark-to-market accounting), those lenders 
 booked earnings from loans as soon as they were made, rather than having to 
 wait 
 for them to be paid off, as banks typically do. 
  
   But as interest rates fell in 1998, many customers paid off their loans 
 earlier than expected, slashing lenders' profit margins. Compounding matters, 
 the market for mortgage-backed securities dried up in the wake of financial 
 chaos in Russia and other foreign markets, leaving lenders to bear the higher 
 risks of many new loans. 
  
   Many investors complained they were blindsided, in part because these 
 lenders 
 generally hadn't disclosed their assumptions about prepayment rates and other 
 variables. After the crash, subprime lenders routinely began disclosing the 
 key 
 assumptions used to value their mortgage portfolios. 
  
   At New York University, accounting professor Baruch Lev says investors 
 would 
 be better served if energy traders' financial filings explained the effects 
 of 
 hypothetical commodity-price movements on the values of their risk-management 
 assets, and disclosed the basic assumptions about future commodity-price 
 movements ingrained in their mathematical models. Says Mr. Lev, "I would like 
 to 
 see much more disclosure, particularly given that this is now becoming a 
 significant component of their earnings." 
  
 
 - - - - - - - - - - - -  Document Released on 2000-09-20 02:20:08.0 EST - - - 
 - - - - - - - - -