
 
 Dianne,
 
 Thanks for all your work for the Travel Club.  I never make a meeting, but 
 really enjoy the tickets, etc.
 
 One question I have is whether Enron has any special relationships with 
 Disney.  Are we a corporate client of Disney?  My old law firm had some sort 
 of relationship with Disney that let us get great deals, early entry into the 
 parks, etc., so it may be worth looking into.
 
 Thanks again.
 
 Michelle Cash
 
  The Membership Secretary shall act on behalf of the 
 Secretary in the Secretary's absence, assist the Secretary in the fulfillment 
 of the duties of the Secretary such as preparing the agenda for monthly 
 meetings and taking of minutes at the monthly meetings.  It is imperative 
 that the person filling this position be able to attend each monthly meeting 
 which is held on the second Tuesday of each month.
 
 Therefore, if you have someone that you would like to nominate for this 
 position, please forward the name to me.  I will contact the nominee(s) to 
 see if he/she is willing to serve, notify the membership of the nominee(s)  
 and we will decide next Tuesday.
 
 We, also, will be recognizing all the coordinators of events and officers for 
 their untiring efforts during the past year.  Coordinators are the heartbeat 
 of our Club and the officers are the backbone of the Club.  They are the ones 
 who take the initiative to pursue the Club's activities and the tenacity to 
 follow through to see that our members have a wide variety of events in which 
 to participate.    
 
 I would like to take this opportunity to solicit any suggestions, thoughts, 
 etc. that you might have regarding the Enron Travel Club, its events, its 
 officers, its members, etc.   It is the goal of all the officers to make this 
 Club the best it can be.  It is only through active participation of its 
 members that will ensure its success.  Your comments,  regardless of the 
 content, are important to enable us to continue to improve the Club and its 
 activities.  
 
 I look forward to seeing you all at the next meeting.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Dianne
 x6-7213
 
 
