
 
 Shirley,
 
 Please, enroll me in this course.
 
 Vince
 
 
 Course Leaders: Dr Les Clewlow and Dr Chris Strickland
 
 Houston: 31 March 2000
 London:  5 April 2000
 
 Fee : STG 950 / USD 1950
 
 This is an intermediate course aimed at the Energy professional who is
 familiar with energy derivative products but who requires an understanding
 of the theory and calculation of Value at Risk for energy derivative
 portfolios.
 
 The format for the course will follow our usual highly practical and
 successful style of alternate sessions of lectures and Excel based computer
 workshops. To facilitate intensive interaction the course will be limited
 to a maximum of 15 participants so early booking is advisable.
 
 The Excel based computer workshops deal with oil and gas as well as
 electricity derivatives. At the end of the course participants leave with a
 diskette containing answers to all the workshops as well as valuable code
 for pricing and VaR calculations.
 
 Registration fee includes: pre-course reading, course materials, copies of
 relevant research materials, diskette with fully worked solutions to
 computer workshops, lunch and refreshments.  Additionally, each attendee
 will receive a free copy of Clewlow and Strickland's forthcoming book
 "Energy Derivatives: Pricing and Risk Management".
 
 Upon registration, participants will be sent a pack containing relevant
 pre-course reading.
 
 COURSE OUTLINE
 
 Day 1, AM : Understanding the VaR methodologies and issues
 
      What is VaR?
      Uses of VaR
      Types of VaR methodologies
      Implications of applying the RiskMetrics assumptions in energy markets
 
      Delta VaR, historical simulation
      Linear and Non Linear Instruments
 
 Workshop: Applying simple VaR methodologies in the energy market
 
 Day 1, PM : Calculation of Energy portfolio VaR using simulation
 
      Modelling the energy forward curve - single and multi-factor
      Modelling the joint behaviour of different energies simultaneously
      Calculation of covariances and correlations
      Incorporating jumps
      Detailed example VaR calculation for an energy portfolio
 
 Workshop: Simulating energy forward curves and calculation of VaR for an
 energy portfolio.
 
 Dr. Les Clewlow and Dr Chris Strickland hold Associate Research Positions
 at both the School of Finance and Economics, University of Technology,
 Sydney and the Financial Options Research Centre, University of Warwick,
 UK.  Together they have over 20 years combined experience in the financial
 and energy derivative markets and have published many articles in academic
 and trade journals.  They are the authors of the book "Implementing
 Derivatives Models" (Wiley, 1998) and editors of "Exotic Options: The State
 of the Art" (ITP, 1998). Their forthcoming book, "Energy Derivatives:
 Pricing and Risk Management," is due to be published during the second
 quarter 2000.  Currently, their interests are concentrated in the energy
 derivatives area, where they have developed a wide range of pricing tools
 for electricity options and other energy derivatives.
