
 
 I'm looking forward to your discussion regarding the "reregulation threat" at 
 the next meeting.  Below are some of my observations:
 
 While it's premature to say we have an energy crisis, we are witnessing the 
 triple threat of high summer gasoline prices, spiking electricity prices, and 
 high natural gas prices for the upcoming heating season (I'll send along some 
 of the data).
 There is at least the potential for this to become a prominent national 
 political issue:  Gore has focussed relentlessly on Bush's ties to "big oil" 
 (which includes us by the way, though we produce nary a drop); and 
 Congressional republicans have blamed the current administration for failing 
 to have a coherent energy policy (though, at least so far, the dominant 
 characteristic of the administration's policy has been a republicanesque 
 reliance on the market).  
 Notwithstanding the issue's potential to become political fodder and its 
 prominence in the popular press, many Americans seem blissfully ignorant, at 
 least on the electricity issue.  We did some focus group testing recently in 
 Southern California  we have been 
 working with a well known political pollster to check our messages for their 
 resonance at the grassroots level.  As we hone these messages we will be 
 using them in the fora we are currently working.
 Overall, we have more opportunity than risk in the current environment, but 
 capitalizing on those opportunities continues to be a long shot.
 An intersting rhetorical challenge for us is this:  much of the problem in 
 power markets is blamed on high upstream fuel prices, particularly natural 
 gas.  The gas market is open and structured pretty much the way we are 
 advocating for electricity, so how can we maintain that the problem in power 
 markets is an absence of open markets when the most open commodity market on 
 the planet (natural gas) is producing such outsized prices?  The answer is 
 somewhat complicated and therefore a bit unsatisfactory in the current 
 debate:  gas prices are still lower in real terms than they were 
 pre-deregulation;  long term prices are also lower than historical levels ( 
 the curve is "backwardated" (sp?) meaning that prices in later years are 
 lower than today so you can buy gas for 3 years at a price lower than current 
 spot prices); and the economy is booming and driving up demand for basic 
 inputs (this begs the question: why didn't the market react sooner and avoid 
 the spike?).  When all else fails, a big part of the problem can be blamed on 
 OPEC.  We haven't had this thrown at us yet, but we are trying to anticipate 
 it and have answers at the ready.
 
  This is just the tip of the iceberg.  The issue is a great example of the 
 intersection of our business interests with public policy debates and should 
 promote a lively discussion when we get together.  Let me know if there is 
 anything else you need.