
 
 Alan, there is a good article on power trading in Japan.  Please pass it on 
 as appropriate.   Mark
  The Philippine Central Bank has decided to withdraw a requirement
 for banks to raise their minimum capital for 2000, a move expected to ease
 investors' concerns over the stability of the country's banking industry,
 analysts said.
 
 The decision to eliminate the third and final round of a capital increase
 for banks effectively extends to Dec. 31, 2000, the deadline for compliance
 with last year's minimum capital requirement of 4.95 billion pesos (122.2
 million euros) for universal banks and 2.4 billion pesos for commercial
 banks.
 
 Originally, universal banks were required to raise their minimum capital to
 5.3 billion pesos by the end of 2000, while commercial banks were required
 to raise their minimum capital to 2.8 billion pesos.
 
 In the Philippines, universal banks are commercial banks with expanded
 licenses that allow them to venture into noncommercial banking operations
 such as investment banking and fund management.
 
 The central bank's decision to relax its capital rule will prevent a loss of
 confidence in banks that would otherwise have had a difficult time meeting
 the new requirement, said Angping & Associates Securities Inc. The move will
 also prevent panic among depositors that could lead to heavy withdrawals at
 banks or the banks' closure, Angping added.
 
 The central bank's capital requirement for banks may be adjusted next year
 in line with the new risk-based capital framework contained in the recently
 passed General Banking Act.
 
 The framework allows the central bank to impose new capital requirements
 based on the activities banks are involved in and the capital risks tied to
 them. Higher capitalization may be imposed, for instance, on banks engaged
 in high-risk transactions such as derivatives trading, central bank Gov.
 Rafael Buenaventura said.
 
 The central bank implemented a three-stage increase of the minimum capital
 of banks in 1998 in a bid to strengthen the banking system to prevent a
 fallout from the Asian financial crisis. Ironically, however, the higher
 capital requirements indirectly led to the closure of one commercial bank
 and heavy withdrawals at two other banks earlier this year. Last month,
 Urban Bank closed after experiencing a liquidity crunch after several days
 of withdrawals by depositors.
 
 The withdrawals were triggered by rumors that the bank's previous downgrade
 to a thrift bank from a commercial bank was because of cash flow problems.
 The bank was downgraded because it couldn't meet the original 2.4 billion
 peso capital requirement deadline for commercial banks as of the end of
 1999.
 
 
 The Economist, 6/10/00
 Danger Signs
 
 An unusual thing happened this week in America. The prices of corporate
 bonds rose. Of late they have proved a dreadful investment-worse by far than
 government bonds. How much farther their prices will rise depends largely on
 what happens in the market in which they are priced: the swaps market. That
 market is in turmoil.
 
 Swaps are the glue that binds together the world's financial system. First
 developed in the early 1980s, they now dwarf other financial instruments. At
 the end of last year there were some $46 trillion of swaps outstanding,
 compared with $5.4 trillion in, for example, international bond markets.
 
 Broadly, swaps come in two forms: interest-rate swaps and currency swaps.
 Simply put, both allow parties to exchange cash-flows. In a currency swap,
 the two exchange currencies and re-exchange them at maturity at the same
 rate. In the meantime they exchange interest payments.  In a typical
 interest-rate swap, one side exchanges a floating-rate obligation (generally
 based on Libor, the rate at which the best banks lend to each other) for a
 fixed one.
 
 This simplicity has made swaps, and interest-rate swaps in particular, a
 very useful tool.  They allow banks, for example, to match their assets and
 liabilities much more closely. If they have lots of short-term floating-rate
 liabilities (such as savings accounts) but long-term fixed-rate assets (such
 as loans) they can "swap" long-term assets into short-term ones. Likewise,
 companies can use swaps to convert fixed-rate debt (which investors might
 prefer) into floating-rate debt, or vice versa.
 
 The level of the fixed rate in the swap reflects, among other things, the
 willingness of the market to accept corporate debt rather than government
 debt, which means that the swap rate is calculated at a spread over
 government bonds. Euro swap-spreads have risen in recent weeks, but dollar
 swap-spreads have widened dramatically. Ten-year spreads peaked at the end
 of May at 140 basis points (hundredths of a percentage point)-a higher
 spread than ever before (see chart on next page). They have since narrowed,
 but are still wider than at the height of the financial crisis that followed
 Russia's default. At times in recent weeks, the swaps market has shut down
 completely; nobody was willing to receive a fixed rate.
 
 What on earth is going on? There are, broadly, two sets of explanations, one
 relatively benign, the other emphatically not. The benign view is that the
 rise in swap spreads is explicable by rising interest rates, greater default
 risk, and the relative sizes of government-and corporate-bond markets.
 
 Governments are issuing fewer bonds. On optimistic assumptions, America's
 government could buy back all its debt by 2010. American companies, in
 contrast, are borrowing hugely. That makes government bonds more valuable,
 compared with corporate debt. It reflects what Stephen Compton, head of
 bonds at Schroder Salomon Smith Barney in Europe, calls "the privatisation
 of the bond markets".
 
 Rising interest rates, too, are partly to blame for widening swap spreads.
 When the market thinks that interest rates will rise, there is more of an
 incentive to pay, rather than receive, a fixed rate. That incentive is
 greater at times when, as now, long-term rates are lower than short-term
 ones (an "inverted yield curve"). This means that anybody receiving a fixed
 (long-term) rate and paying a floating one loses money.
 
 Then there is the increase in corporate debt Credit Suisse First Boston
 (CSFB) expects American companies to issue as many bonds this year as they
 did last, when they sold record amounts. Importantly for swap spreads, one
 reason that firms are borrowing so much is to buy back their shares. So
 American companies are becoming ever more highly geared, and hence less
 creditworthy. Share buy-backs are running at double last year's level and,
 reckons David Goldman, a strategist at CSFB, will remain in vogue as long as
 debt is relatively cheap, and firms' managers think that more leverage is
 good for shareholder value.
 
 If this were not enough, swap-market folk also point accusing fingers at
 Gary Gensler, under-secretary at the American Treasury. In March, he said
 that federally sponsored agencies, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which
 everybody assumed were guaranteed by the government, were not. The yield on
 their debt rose sharply. Since they are the biggest actors in the swaps
 market, so did swap spreads.
 
 Swap knot
 
 Taken together, these factors might seem enough to explain what has
 happened. But James Bianco, who runs an eponymous research firm, thinks they
 are not. Swap spreads, he points out, have been widening for the past three
 and a half years-before any of these other factors cropped up. And they do
 not explain why swap spreads have risen so fast this year.
 
 Mr. Bianco argues that two things dominate the pricing of interest-rate
 swaps: interest rates and credit concerns. For most of the 1990S swap rates
 went up and down with interest rates. That relationship has now largely
 broken down, suggests Mr. Bianco, because markets have become more concerned
 over risks to the financial system, as a result of the crises of recent
 years. If Mr. Bianco is right, this has important ramifications: it suggests
 there are growing worries about the riskiness of the swaps market, based on
 fears about the health of financial firms-by far the biggest participants.
 
 Pshaw, say critics: there is no credit risk in the swaps market. Forget
 about those telephone-number figures: no principal amount is exchanged in a
 swap, so what matters is not the "notional" amount at risk but the cost of
 replacing the swaps-a far lower number. Moreover, big banks post collateral
 if they are on the losing side of a swap, thus eliminating even any residual
 risk.
 
 Really? "Swaps are perceived as riskless. That must be wrong," says a
 treasurer at a big bank. Unlike futures exchanges, the swaps market looks
 only at current exposures, not potential ones (futures exchanges demand a
 dollop of cash up front to cover the second). And the market has grown so
 much that these potential risks are becoming huge.
 
 So it is at least plausible that people are starting to fret about the
 banking system. But why might this be a problem in America, of all places?
 Because it is taking ever more risk to generate the returns demanded by
 share-holders. Bank lending is growing by 10% at an annual rate, and
 property lending by 13.5%, its highest rate since 1989. If anything, these
 rates are accelerating because, after nine years of growth and few defaults,
 banks' backward-looking risk models tell them that lending is a fine
 business.
 
 And not just in America. In Europe, too, banks are taking more risk to
 generate higher returns. At best, the swap market is merely reflecting this
 increase in risk. At worst, it might be signaling that the world's financial
 system is in danger of becoming unglued.
 
 End of ISDA Press Report, Thursday, June 15, 2000.
 
 THE ISDA PRESS REPORT IS PREPARED FOR THE LIMITED USE OF ISDA STAFF, ISDA'S
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SPECIFIED CONSULTANTS TO ISDA.  THIS PRESS REPORT IS
 NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION (EITHER WITHIN OR WITHOUT AN ORGANIZATION), AND ISDA IS
 NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY USE TO WHICH THESE MATERIALS MAY BE PUT.
 
 
