
 
 I saw Kim's response to Stephen Douglas, but it left me short of comfort on a 
 completion timeline or enough details around assurance on an on-going basis 
 that this will be kept up.  I sent the note below to Kim.  I am sure that she 
 manages well, but I think that we should encourage her to step into full 
 responsibility and to be able to effectively communicate that within the 
 organization.   It is likely that when Stephen reads her note, that he will 
 call me and tell me that he still doesn't know when this task will be 
 completed.  That was his concern yesterday, and Kim's note really doesn't 
 address that.  If she doesn't have an estimated completion date, then she 
 should set a target date for having all of the info compiled and state that 
 at that date she will be able to create a realistic timeline for completing 
 the task.  
 
 Kim must own and communicate effectively the solutions, or I will be the one 
 that gets the phone calls.  The ENA organization must develop confidence in 
 others on our team.  Let's help Kim earn that confidence by coaching her to 
 imagine the info that the customers needs (Stephen) and to clearly 
 communicate information that addresses his needs.   Thanks.  
 Sally 
 
 
    Kim S Theriot                12/27/2000 05:51 PM
 




  
 Stephen,
 As a follow-up to my earlier voicemail message, the status of the RMT 
 Confirmation Project is as follows:
 
 Financial Gas:           RMT Confirmations complete through December 1999
    Bob Bowen is working on compiling the data for 2000
 Financial Power:      RMT Confirmations complete through November 2000
 Financial Weather
 and Liquids:  Bob Bowen is working on compiling the data for 1999 and 2000
 Financial FX:                       Laurel Adams is assessing the work to 
 compile the data for 1999 and 2000
 
 From this point forward, the RMT Confirmation will be prepared on a monthly 
 basis for each commodity. 
 
 As far as the Year End RMT Project, I spoke with Bob Bowen this morning as to 
 the status.  What he told me was that he was supposed to receive a file 
 containing the deal information of the deals involved.  This was per the 
 meeting that he attended last week.  As of this morning he had not received 
 anything He stated that he was expecting the file last week but never 
 received any information.  He was going to follow-up with the appropriate 
 individual.  I will give you an update in the morning to make sure that he 
 has the data needed to complete the project.  
 
 If you have any further questions, please call me at ext. 31771.
 
 Kim Theriot
 
 
 
