
 
  but the 76 cent per share number excludes them.
 
 What's more, analysts are just starting to take a close look at the
 company now that they're back from summer vacation. At least one
 analyst who has tried to get some sign of how things are going was told
 the company hasn't seen the August numbers yet, which means there still
 could be reasons for concern.
 
 All of that said, Honeywell has been doing loads to improve itself, but
 our longtime Honeywell watcher, who is looking for the right time to
 hop back in, doesn't think there'll be signs of a solid rebound until
 next summer. At the earliest.
 
 Short Positions
 
  o From reader John Lee: "How's this for an inflation indicator? Down
 here in our cafeteria today we were confronted by a sign that indicated
 the cafeteria was raising prices "to cover rising food and labor
 costs..." But inflation is nearly nonexistent, right? Right (he said,
 sarcastically). Wouldn't be surprised to see a few fast-food chains
 that missed earnings last quarter, because of rising costs, bite the
 bullet and raise prices, too. (A dime or a quarter isn't going to drive
 customers away; but a dime here at one place and a quarter there at
 another would certainly lead to higher prices across the board. Or so
 you'd think!)
 
  o Stupid poll?!: That's what some folks thought of Friday's poll which
 asked whether you should pay more attention to a company, friendly
 analysts or unfriendly analysts. (Unfriendly won by a landslide.)
 Several readers, however, wish I'd had a fourth alternative: All of the
 above. Says reader Bridget Magnus: "I think that if a person is going
 to make a realistic, informed decision about a company it is a good
 idea to listen to all three of those sources (the company, friendly
 analysts, and unfriendly analysts). Putting them together will give a
 potential investor a much clearer picture of what is (or isn't) going
 on." Great point! Which brings us to today's poll:
 
 Feel free to send emails to my sidekick Mark Martinez with any reason
 why you think the way you do. Cramer has pretty strong opinions about
 this. And speaking of JJC, don't forget that he and I will be going
 head-to-head at RealMoney.com's "Cramer Live" conference in San
 Francisco later this month. Click here for more info.
 
  o Bye, George: Marketing columnist George Lazarus of The Chicago
 Tribune died Friday while commuting on the train to work. He was 68 and
 he still wrote a daily column. He was a former colleague and I'd like
 to think, a friend, whom I didn't keep in touch with nearly enough.
 George wrote the textbook on how to be a hard-working, daily,
 news-oriented columnist. You could see just how hard he worked when he
 walked through the office at the end of every day, looking exhausted,
 as he handed the finished copy into his editor. His salutation to me,
 when he saw me was always, "Hey, scoop." Coming from the scoop, that
 was an honor. Hey, George. -30-
 
 Herb Greenberg writes daily for TheStreet.com. In keeping with TSC's
 editorial policy, he doesn't own or short individual stocks, though he
 owns stock in TheStreet.com. He also doesn't invest in hedge funds or
 other private investment partnerships. He welcomes your feedback and
 invites you to send any to Herb Greenberg. Greenberg also writes a
 monthly column for Fortune.
 
 Mark Martinez assisted with the reporting of this column.

 
 Copyright 2000 TheStreet.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
