
 
 
                   represent potentially lucrative business customers. The 
 facilities run 24 hours a
                   day, seven days a week, and therefore could become a 
 constant revenue
                   stream. On the other hand, they require so much energy that 
 they could
                   potentially flood the utilities with exorbitant capital 
 expenditures. 
 
                        Who will pay for those expenditures and what it will 
 mean for power rates
                   in the area is still open to debate. 
 
                        "These facilities are what we call extremely dense 
 loads," said Bob Royer,
                   director of communications and public affairs at Seattle 
 City Light. 
 
                        "The entire University of Washington, from stadium 
 lights at the football
                   game to the Medical School, averages 31 megawatts per day. 
 We have data
                   center projects in front of us that are asking for 30, 40 
 and 50 megawatts." 
 
                        With more than 1.5 million square feet, the Intergate 
 complex in Tukwila is
                   one of the biggest data centers. Sabey Corp. re-purchased 
 the 1.35 million
                   square-foot Intergate East facility last September from 
 Boeing Space &
                   Defense. In less than 12 months, the developer has leased 
 92 percent of the
                   six-building complex to seven different co-location 
 companies. 
 
                        "It is probably the largest data center park in the 
 country," boasts Laurent
                   Poole, chief operating officer at Sabey. Exodus, ICG 
 Communications,
                   NetStream Communications, Pac West Telecomm and Zama 
 Networks all
                   lease space in the office park. 
 
                        After building Exodus' first Tukwila facility in 1997, 
 Sabey has become an
                   expert in the arena and now has facilities either under 
 management or
                   development in Los Angeles, Spokane and Denver. Poole 
 claims his firm is
                   one of the top four builders of Internet data centers in 
 the country. 
 
                        As more people access the Internet and conduct 
 bandwidth-heavy tasks
                   such as listening to online music, Poole said the need for 
 co-location space in
                   Seattle continues to escalate. 
 
                        But it is not just Seattle. The need for data center 
 space is growing at a
                   rapid clip at many technology hubs throughout the country, 
 causing similar
                   concerns among utilities in places such as Texas and 
 California. 
 
                        Exodus, one of the largest providers of co-location 
 space, plans to nearly
                   double the amount of space it has by the end of the year. 
 While companies
                   such as Amazon.com run their own server farms, many 
 high-tech companies
                   have decided to outsource the operations to companies such 
 as Exodus that
                   may be better prepared for dealing with Internet traffic 
 management. 
 
                        "We have 2 million square feet of space under 
 construction and we plan to
                   double our size in the next nine months , yet there is more 
 demand right now
                   than data center space," said Steve Porter, an account 
 executive at Exodus in
                   Seattle. 
 
                        The booming market for co-location space has left some 
 in the local utility
                   industry perplexed. 
 
                        "It accelerates in a quantum way what you have to do 
 to serve the growth,"
                   said Seattle City Light's Royer. "The utility industry is 
 almost stunned by this, in
                   a way." 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
