
 
 To all of you who are without the luxury of a dial tone this morning:
 
 Qwest Communications is working on the malfunctioning phone circuit. We don't 
 know when the service will be reinstated; but in the meantime you can reflect 
 on what life was like before the darn thing was invented.
 
 Bell, Alexander Graham 
 
                 b. , March 3, 1847, Edinburgh
                 d. Aug. 2, 1922, Beinn Bhreagh, Cape Breton Island, Nova 
 Scotia, Can.
 
                 Scottish-born American audiologist best known as the inventor 
 of
                 the telephone (1876). For two generations his family had been
                 recognized as leading authorities in elocution and speech 
 correction,
                 with Alexander Melville Bell's Standard Elocutionist passing 
 through
                 nearly 200 editions in English. Young Bell and his two 
 brothers were
                 trained to continue the family profession. His early 
 achievements on
                 behalf of the deaf and his invention of the telephone before 
 his 30th
                 birthday bear testimony to the thoroughness of his training.
 
                 Alexander ("Graham" was not added until he was 11) was the
  second of the three sons of Alexander Melville Bell and Eliza Grace Symonds 
 Bell. Apart
  from one year at a private school, two years at Edinburgh's Royal High 
 School (from
  which he was graduated at 14), and attendance at a few lectures at Edinburgh
  University and at University College in London, Bell was largely family 
 trained and
  self-taught. His first professional post was at Mr. Skinner's school in 
 Elgin, County
  Moray, where he instructed the children in both music and elocution. In 1864 
 he
  became a resident master in Elgin's Weston House Academy, where he conducted 
 his
  first studies in sound. Appropriately, Bell had begun professionally as he 
 would
  continue through lifereminders of
  questions and ideas he wanted to investigate. It was impossible for him to 
 carry each
  of his creative ideas through to a practical end. Many of his conceptions 
 are only today
  seeing fruition; indeed, some undoubtedly have yet to be developed. The 
 range of his
  inventive genius is represented only in part by the 18 patents granted in 
 his name
  alone and the 12 he shared with his collaborators. These included 14 for the
  telephone and telegraph, 4 for the photophone, 1 for the phonograph, 5 for 
 aerial
  vehicles, 4 for hydroairplanes, and 2 for a selenium cell.
 
  Until a few days before his death Bell continued to make entries in his 
 journal. During
  his last dictation he was reassured with "Don't hurry," to which he replied, 
 "I have to."