
 
 Could you please try to stay out of trouble.
  occurred almost simultaneously. "I'm saying `there must be some 
 reason I'm here,' " he said later. "These things happening like this, the 
 odds must be in the millions." 
 Mr. Stroud won't discuss which companies were vying for his oil, but he says 
 at one point he thought he had an offer to buy him out for $1.50 a barrel, or 
 $6 million. The most serious discussions began Thursday, with a 
 representative from a refining company, which he refuses to name. From that 
 discussion Thursday until the following evening, Mr. Stroud says, he was 
 confident that the refiner would grant him the letter of credit he needed. 
 But at 9 p.m. Friday, three hours before his deadline, Mr. Stroud said he got 
 a call telling him the deal was off. "I was upset," he says. "I mean, instead 
 of wasting my time with that I could have obtained the financing quickly" 
 from some other source. 
 A spokesman for Koch Industries Inc., based in Wichita, Kan., said it was in 
 negotiations with both Messrs. Euell and Stroud. "We invited them to make a 
 deal that made economic sense." BP Amoco said it also had discussions with 
 Mr. Stroud. 
 Mr. Stroud now says the DOE should have given him an extension, under the 
 circumstances. "If your mother passes, aren't you given three days to 
 grieve?" Mr. Stroud asks. His mother's funeral is scheduled for Wednesday, 
 which would have been her 75th birthday, he says. 
 Mr. Euell ran a small company, Euell Energy Resources, whose 12 employees 
 helped him broker natural-gas sales and other small energy deals. By night, 
 he worked the phones from his home in a modest Denver suburb, calling oil 
 producers in Nigeria and energy brokers in Singapore and Sydney, always 
 looking for the big score that would make him rich. 
 A friend, Norman Early, a sometime golfing partner and a former Denver U.S. 
 district attorney, says the 50-year-old Mr. Euell is "one of those guys who 
 shoots for the stars." On Oct. 4, Mr. Euell thought he had hit one. He had 
 been awarded the right to withdraw three million barrels of oil from the 
 Strategic Petroleum Reserve, in exchange for returning 3.3 million barrels a 
 year later. That was enough oil to fill 14,019 conventional tank trucks. 
 Knowing he would need a partner to provide financial backing, Mr. Euell had 
 already placed a call to a man he'd never met: Kenneth L. Lay, chairman and 
 chief executive of Enron Corp. He said he was sure he was going to be one of 
 the top bidders for the reserve oil. Would Enron like to be his partner? 
 Within a few hours John Nolan, the giant energy company's vice president in 
 charge of trading, called from London. Enron , he said, was interested. 
 By Oct. 6, the price of oil had already fallen, making Mr. Euell's bid look 
 generous. Still, he felt bullish. "I'm betting on Mother Nature, that she's 
 coming back this winter and that oil's going to be more valuable." 
 It wasn't Mother Nature, but the crisis in the Middle East that turned things 
 around. Monday, Oct. 9, the target price for November oil futures on the New 
 York Mercantile Exchange, jumped a dollar to $31.86 a barrel and headed 
 higher. Mr. Euell flew to Houston and took a room at the Hyatt Regency, from 
 which he could see Enron 's 50-story office tower. 
 By Tuesday, the price of oil had hit $33.18. By Mr. Euell's calculations that 
 meant a $3 million profit for him and an equal amount for his prospective 
 partner just across the street. Enron 's lawyers were working on an agreement 
 that would substitute Enron as the major party in Mr. Euell's contract, he 
 said, and were drawing up the letter of credit for $93 million that the DOE 
 required. 
 Eager to close the deal, Mr. Euell called Enron trader Patrick Danaher, who 
 was working on the project. "I want to sign this thing up today," Mr. Euell 
 told him, claiming that he had received an offer from another, unnamed firm, 
 offering to buy his contract for $1.2 million. According to tapes of the 
 conversation provided by Enron , Mr. Danaher said the paperwork was under 
 way: "Let me see if we can do that today." 
 Mr. Euell called backed at 11:30 a.m. and again at 11:45 a.m. Each time, the 
 trader sounded more pessimistic. Prospects were "50-50." When Mr. Euell 
 suggested he had other offers, Mr. Danaher told him: "If you have a bid at 
 $1.2 million, you should take it. A bird in the hand is worth two in the 
 bush. I just have to tell you that." Still, he invited Mr. Euell to dinner. 
 Tuesday's deadline passed without dinner or any action from Enron . While it 
 appears from the tapes that the parties had been close to an accord, Eric 
 Thode, a spokesman for Enron 's trading branch, says: "At no time was there 
 anything remotely resembling a deal with Mr. Euell." 
 Mr. Euell got the DOE to agree to extend the deadline for another 24 hours 
 and, after a round of frantic phone calls, says he collected pledges from a 
 group of European banks to support the $93 million letter of credit. But, 
 when the new deadline expired, he still had failed to get the proper 
 paperwork to the DOE, which then declared his award to have lapsed. "They 
 played me," Mr. Euell complains, blaming Enron for the missed deadlines. 
 Still, he says, the experience amounted to an instant "Ph.D." in oil. Next 
 time, he vows, he will have his own letter of credit. 
 The DOE said late last week that it will accept new bids on the seven million 
 barrels of oil Messrs. Stroud and Euell forfeited. 
 As for Mr. Peek, he remains the mystery man of the three. His company, 
 Burhany Energy Industries Inc., was formed Aug. 21. It employs no one but Mr. 
 Peek himself. Staffers at the Florida Black Business Investment Board, where 
 Mr. Peek works as a business-development specialist, said he had taken last 
 week off. Shutters were drawn at his modest, one-story house in Tallahassee. 
 Phone calls to Mr. Peek were forwarded to an unidentified neighbor. In an 
 e-mail to a reporter, Mr. Peek apologized for being unreachable. He was 
 "working relentlessly to consummate this transaction" and couldn't "entertain 
 any distraction at the moment." 
 On Saturday, the Department of Energy announced that Mr. Peek had 
 successfully transferred his interest in three million barrels of government 
 oil to Hess Energy Trading Co. of New York, a partnership that includes 
 Amerada Hess. Amerada Hess Vice President Carl Tursi said he could give few 
 details of the deal, except to say that he believes there was an 
 "arrangement" that resulted in "a lot of money" for Mr. Peek. 
 
 
 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 