
 
 
 As you may know, I was invited to visit with Enron (ENE) last week.  I met
 with Vince Kaminski, the VP and head of research in the risk management
 group of ENE.  Vince who used to be with Salomon Brothers and AT&T is the
 "brain" of ENE w.r.t. their analytical tools for pricing of commodities,
 hedging, optimization of financial and physical transactions, as well as the
 value-at-risk systems.  In addition, Vince has received the 1999 James H.
 McGraw Award for Energy Risk Management (Energy Risk Manager of the Year)
 and is well published.  He is the key contributor to a best-selling
 publication by Risk Books entitled: Managing Energy Price Risk.
 
 Our meeting was mainly focused on gaining additional insights re
 leading-edge practices within ENE.  My key findings are summarized below:
 
 1. ENE does not use corporate price premises.  They use market price info
 only and adhere to mark-to-market accounting.
 2. ENE uses the "Heath, Jarrow, and Morton" methods for modeling price
 dynamics (I've asked BIC for a copy of the associated paper).  They have
 their own "home-grown" software, however, they periodically review selected
 external developments for internal inclusion and advancement.
 3. Vince's group comprises of Mathematicians, Physicists, and Operations
 Researchers who are responsible for the development and advancement of ENE's
 risk management tools.  These models are religiously used by the traders,
 risk managers, and BUs across ENE.
 4. Investment proposals are screened, risked, and "ROVed" by a separate
 corporate group (similar to our Special Studies and with business and real
 options skills) who work in conjunction with the BUs.  All evaluations and
 transactions are marked-to-market.
 5. ENE does not use efficient-frontier portfolio concepts.  They "VC fund"
 any opportunity that has a credible value proposition and can stand on its
 own.  They believe that with the current plentiful liquidity in the market,
 project-financing in not an issue for a "good" opportunity.  However, they
 closely monitor the development of each opportunity, within their deep
 portfolio, at the corporate level and know how to "fail fast".
 6. The employee reward system is based on P&Ls as well as the creation of
 new business.
 7. Most employees have stock options.
 
 I really enjoyed my visit and hope to meet with Vince again the next time
 I'm in Houston.
 
