
 
 FYI
 m
  the market in which Freightwise is establishing itself. 
 "We will very much have the capability to enable spot market buying," he 
 said. 
 
 As Webmodal's Kravas pointed out, "It's going to be an interesting next six 
 months." 
 
 Arzoon-A.T. Kearney partnership 
 
 Consulting firm A.T. Kearney, a unit of Dallas-based EDS, and Arzoon, which 
 provides Internet-based services for managing transportation work processes 
 worldwide, have formed a strategic alliance. 
 
 A.T. Kearney was one of the first to establish a dedicated practice helping 
 shippers manage transportation more effectively on a global basis. Its 
 clients now will have direct exposure to Arzoon's transportation management 
 trading network, which provides online services for managing the full life 
 cycle of work processes across all modes, systems and enterprises. 
 
 Similarly, Arzoon and its clients can access "select" A.T. Kearney consulting 
 services, the company said. That includes inbound transportation management, 
 supply-chain and distribution rationalization, carrier selection and process 
 improvement, Arzoon said.
 
 "Superior transportation management has emerged as a critical success factor 
 in the increasingly competitive world of commerce," said Randy Garber, 
 transportation services co-leader of A.T. Kearney's operations services 
 practice. "We think service companies, manufacturers and retailers that 
 incorporate the speed, simplicity and efficiency of the Internet into their 
 supply chains will lead their markets." 
 
 The plan is for both A.T. Kearney and Arzoon to gain valuable understanding 
 and insights into how the Internet creates great efficiencies in both the 
 strategic and tactical needs of transportation professionals, Garber added. 
 
 "We believe that the knowledge gained from this collaboration will benefit 
 our clients as well as Arzoon's customers involved in the $1 trillion global 
 freight transportation market," Garber said. 
 
 An Arzoon official said the company was "very pleased" to be associated with 
 A.T. Kearney, which Arzoon described as a "premier problem-so1ver." A.T. 
 Kearney has a global presence that includes 62 offices in 37 countries. 
 Arzoon.com, San Mateo, Calif., is a year-old Internet startup that describes 
 itself as a company that is working on "the transformation of the worldwide 
 transportation market into a networked community."
 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 
 
