
 
 Mark, fyi and between you and I.  Rob will always do the right thing - he is 
 just a little more passionate than the average Enron guy.  Keep trying to 
 build those bridges.
 
 Regards
 Delainey
 
 
 
 Rob Milnthorp
 11/02/2000 09:17 AM

   
 Dave, at the risk of rocking the boat, I would like you to consider the 
 following. As you know, with the exception of Origination & Finance, all 
 other Canadian departments (Trading, Legal, Ops, Acctg, HR, Govt, & IT) 
 report directly to someone in Houston while having a dotted line to me. 
 
 In my mind, this is completely backwards (ie. it should be a solid line to 
 me, and a dotted line to their respective counterparts in Houston) for the 
 following reasons. First, performance feedback is not communicated to these 
 individuals in a timely manner if at all. Even when it is, more times than 
 not, it is perfunctory in nature. In fact, I think that feedback is given 
 somewhat reluctantly because the manager  in Houston has really no idea 
 whether the individual in Canada is doing a good job or not. 
 
 Second, it is sub-optimal. I seem to be spending more and more time dealing 
 with issues between the Canadian employee and their respective manager in 
 Houston. Many of these conversations revolve around my first point. Case and 
 point, we almost lost Laura Scott earlier this year because she was feeling 
 unappreciated and felt that her boss had no idea the hours/effort she was 
 putting in. And just yesterday, I had a very unsatisfactory phone call with 
 Mark Haedicke regarding Peter Keohane. The result - I now have a very 
 demotivated lawyer on my hands.
 
 Third, it is costly. Having senior people fly up to Calgary/Toronto to "stay 
 in the loop" and to complete performance reviews is both costly from both a 
 dollar and time perspective.  
 
 Frankly, I'm not looking for more performance reviews to do, but I do think 
 its important that staff receive meaningful feedback in a timely fashion. I 
 know what these people do - I work with them every day. It is my job to lead, 
 inspire, and motivate but lately it feels like it is my job to liase between 
 Houston and the employee.
 
 I would appreciate your thoughts on this.
 
 Regards
 Milnthorp
 
 
 
 
 
