
 
 Jacques,
 
 George finally sent me some information.  Please look over his email.  He 
 wants us to buy him out.  Keith and I think this is a joke.  
 
 We still need to speak to his engineer and find out about his soil study to 
 determine if it has any value going forward.  I don't believe the architect 
 work will be of any use to us.  I don't think they deserve any compensation 
 for their time due to the fact that intentional or not the project they were 
 proposing was unsupportable by the market.  
 
 My version of a buyout is attached.
 
 I need your expert advise.  I am ready to offer my version or threaten to 
 foreclose.  Do they have a case that they are due money for their time?  
 Since their cost
 and fees didn't hold up versus the market and we didn't execute a contract, I 
 wouldn't think they would stand a chance.  There isn't any time to waste so I 
 want to respond to their offer asap.
 
 Call me with your thoughts.
 
 Phillip
 
 
 
 
 $1.2MM. ?However, in 
 the hope that we can maintain a good relationship with the prospect of future 
 projects, we are willing to accept only a small monthly fee of $15,000 per 
 month to cover a portion of our direct time and overhead.? As shown in the 
 attached table, this fee, plus cash outlays and less accrued interest brings 
 the total net buyout to $78,946.? 
 
 We still believe that this project needs the professional services that we 
 offer and have provided.? However, if you accept the terms of this buyout 
 offer, which we truly feel is quite fair and reasonable, then, we are 
 prepared to be bought out and leave this extraordinary project to you both.? 
 If this is your 
 
 
 
 choice, either contact us, or have your attorney contact our attorney, 
 Claudia Crocker, no later than Friday of this week.? The attorneys can then 
 draft whatever minimal documents are necessary for the transfer of the 
 Bishops Corner, Ltd. Partnership to you following receipt of the buyout 
 amount and assumption of the outstanding professional design contracts.
 
 Thank you.
 
 ?
 
 Sincerely,
 
 [IMAGE]
 
 ?
 
 ?
 
 ?
 
 George W. Richards 
 
 President
 
 P.S.????? Copies of contracts will be forwarded upon acceptance of buyout.
 
 ?
 
  ??????????? Claudia Crocker
  - image001.wmz
  - image002.gif
  - image003.png
  - image004.gif
  - header.htm
  - oledata.mso
  - Restructure Buyout.xls
