
 
 Rahil will have a draft to me this afternoon, then he, Beth Apollo and I will 
 meet tomorrow morning at 8:30 to discuss and revise.  I don't want to "mass 
 mail" this on Friday.  (None of these guys will read it on Friday afternoon 
 or over the weekend anyway.)  Instead, I want to meet with Frank Vickers and 
 Ed Baughman (I have known both for years and we get both gas and power 
 covered) either Friday afternoon or Monday to go over the presentation in 
 person and get their thoughts and input (Rahil included).  They will likely 
 come up with questions that we have not thought of or where our presentation 
 could be tweaked.  With revisions from this session, then it makes sense to 
 set up one on one meetings with each orgination team (we spread the word to 
 the whole team, rather than just hitting the origination lead).  We can start 
 those next week and finish most next week.  I think that the logistics of any 
 offsite would be difficult with schedules and I don't really think that we 
 need one.    
 
 Calgary will need a special message, and we may have to go to Calgary to 
 deliver it.  You and I can discuss that in more detail.   Max will be in from 
 Mexico on April 20, and Beth Apollo has already booked some time with him on 
 that day for us to cover this information.  Laura Luce is here today and will 
 be back in Houston next Wednesday, April 11.  I have booked time with her 
 that afternoon to cover the presentation.  That will leave Portland as the 
 other "out of towner" to schedule.  I am planning a trip there the next time 
 that Stacey White heads up there.  Right now we are looking at April 17, 18 
 or 19.  We can send Chris info before that and plan to meet with him perhaps 
 in conjunction with that trip that I need to make around our west power risk 
 team.  I would  welcome your participation in any of the meetings here in 
 Houston or on the trips that we will need to make.  You and I can discuss the 
 appropriate make-up of the team for each of these presentations at lunch 
 tomorrow.  
 
 I think that this plan will be effective and will give us the best coverage 
 and input.  Are you comfortable with this plan of attack?  Sally  
  
 
 
 
 Louise Kitchen
 04/04/2001 03:50 PM

   
 Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services 
 with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?
 
 Thanks
 
 Louise
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
