
 
 
 FYI.  What's the big deal in CSFB not sending us their form of schedule until we send the form of Enron Corp. guaranty and said that ECT Investments will collateralize its trades?
 
 Marie 
  

 
  
 
 Ms. Rosenthal:
 
 Sara Shackleton just left for vacation until after Labor Day, but asked
 me to respond to your e-mail regarding sending us your completed ISDA
 schedule.  Our Credit Department has said that Enron Corp. will provide
 a parent guaranty for ECT Investments, Inc., however, they would like
 for CSFB to also provide a guaranty since CSFB (Europe) is not a rated
 entity, or provide independent financial statements for CSFB (Europe).
 Our Credit Department did not provide us with a cap for the Enron Corp.
 guaranty.
 
 You can send your ISDA Schedule to my attention and we will proceed with
 reviewing same.
 
 Thank you.
 
 
 Marie Heard
 Senior Legal Specialist
 Enron North America Corp.
 Phone:  (713) 853-3907
 Fax:  (713) 646-3490

 
 
 
 
 
 
 This message is for the named person's use only.  It may contain
 confidential, proprietary or legally privileged information.  No
 confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission.
 If you receive this message in error, please immediately delete it and all
 copies of it from your system, destroy any hard copies of it and notify the
 sender.  You must not, directly or indirectly, use, disclose, distribute,
 print, or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended
 recipient. CREDIT SUISSE GROUP and each of its subsidiaries each reserve
 the right to monitor all e-mail communications through its networks.  Any
 views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender, except
 where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state
 them to be the views of any such entity.
 Unless otherwise stated, any pricing information given in this message is
 indicative only, is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to
 deal at any price quoted.
 Any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as
 preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation.
 
 
