
 
 Soaring Electric Use More Fiction Than Fact 
 Chronicle investigation finds power companies manipulate data to excuse their 
 towering rates Christian Berthelsen, Scott Winokur, Chronicle Staff Writers
 Sunday, March 11, 2001 
 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
 URL: 
 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/11/M
 N213155.DTL 
 
 Power companies say it so often, and with such certainty, that it has become 
 a virtual mantra: "Skyrocketing" energy use by Californians is a root cause 
 of the state's power crisis, and justification for surging electricity 
 prices. 
 But a computer analysis of electricity usage data by The Chronicle reveals 
 that the mantra is a myth  than on days when the state managed to squeeze 
 by without turning out the lights. 
 Even today, with Stage 3 alerts having faded away, at least temporarily, 
 demand levels remain more or less the same as when California was in a 
 constant state of emergency. Moreover, the lists of offline plants are as 
 long as ever. 
 AMPLE POWER SHOULD EXIST
 The Energy Commission and the ISO have concluded that California's power 
 plants are capable of generating more than 45,000 megawatts of electricity. 
 That means that even with plant repair outages, low water levels decreasing 
 hydraulic generation, air-pollution rules and other environmental 
 constraints, the power companies should be able to accommodate all but the 
 most extreme spikes in demand. 
 According to industry data obtained by The Chronicle, the Western Systems 
 Coordinating Council, a government-backed trade group in Salt Lake City, 
 concluded California would have considerable surpluses throughout 2000, 
 including margins as high as 39 percent in December, based on data provided 
 to it by the ISO. Even under low water conditions, the ISO reported, the 
 state would have total power resources of 47,532 megawatts in that month. Yet 
 unplanned outages were far higher, and the system began to crash that month 
 and into this year, at far lower levels of demand. 
 "Clearly," Florio said, "we should not be having a shortage at 2 a.m. on 
 Christmas Eve, when the only person awake is Santa Claus." 
 Chronicle Database Editor Erin McCormick assisted in data analysis for this 
 report. Chronicle editorial assistant Claire Smith assisted in data 
 collection for this report. / E-mail Christian Berthelsen at 

 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 