
 
 Ed the 6" project you are talking about is a small project independant of 
 Rogas where a 6"line will be constructed from North Coles and run above 
 ground, if possible, to a tie in approx. 1 mile away.  We will need a waiver 
 for this.  There  wont be any by pass crossing concerns and  only ocal 
 notifications due to the efforts to run the pipe above ground.  The reason 
 for constructing above ground is to minimize surface disturbance.  Im sure 
 that one of the conditions of the approval for this construction actiivty is 
 that EOTT wil be required to maintain integrity of the pipeline to ensure no 
 releases.....inspections, reporting etc....  Ill keep you in the loop on 
 this.....
 
 




 
  R equirements  
 
 Thanks for the update.
 
 I can indeed confirm that we have the 2081 in place.  (But, to be precise, it 
 was not ARCO Energy's 2081; it was a 2081 that was issued in the first 
 instance to Koch that was assigned to us.  So, make sure the 2081 you are 
 working off of is the Memorandum of Understanding between fish and game and 
 Koch, and not a permit issued to Arco.)
 
 Also, according to Kenny M, West Coast Environ is working on some other 
 permit for the 6-inch line (I don't recall exactly what it is, but Kenny can 
 tell you.  Unfortunately, the handoff from Gary to you folks seems to have 
 left us in a bit of disarray, so it'll all have to be tracked down this 
 way.)  Pehaps you can crack the whip on West Coast re this also?  Thanks. 
 
 Are we still on track to start in <= 2 weeks?
 
 
 
 
 

 



 
        equirements
 
 Matt,
 
 In order for Ken Small Construction to plan and schedule the work in the
 most economic manner we would like the following information in hand prior
 to starting field construction work.
 
 1) Copy of permit from Kern County Water Agency for the Cross Valley Canal
 with the drawing that was submitted for permit application.
 
 2) Copy of permit from Kern County for the Enos Lane crossing with drawing
 that was submitted for permit application, also I need to get KSCI listed
 as
 contractor on permit.
 
 3) Copy of permit from Caltrans for the I-5 crossing with drawing that was
 submitted for permit application, also I need to get KSCI listed as rider
 along with bore contractor.
 
 4) Copy of permit from Army Corps of Engineers for the Kern River crossing
 with drawing that was submitted for permit application, along with any
 conditions required.
 
 5) Copy of Fish & Game, Kern Water Bank Authority, Buena Vista Water
 Storage
 and West Kern Water requirements or conditions for construction of the
 pipelines.
 
 Your help in letting KSCI know the status of the above permits as soon as
 possible will also help to set up a workable schedule that we can utilize
 for our construction purposes.
 
 
 Alan R. Hart
 Senior Estimator
 Phone (661) 391-2139
 Pager (661) 329-7691
 Fax (661) 393-0651

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
