
 
 
 Over to you.
  
  
  Company)
 
 
 Dear Andy
 
 Thanks for your Mail. I sincerely hope you were able to get a high level
 overview of our company. Further to my earlier mail, i am enclosing the
 information which could provide further insight into our company. Pls
 include them in your assessment process and give me a feedback if you
 require any further clarification. We look forward to meeting you and your
 team for an  presentation and the value we could bring to Enron. In the
 presentation, we would cover our Methodology, Processes, Competencies,
 Clients , Case Study & our economical/cost effective deployment processes.
 
 Some synergies i perceive; Enron's initiative in ClickPaper could map well
 based on our experience in Forest Express , EnronOnline could map into our
 experience with RMX/Chevron or American Petroleum Exchange, Dealbench.com
 maps well with our experience with eBreviate on the hosted ASP model for
 eRFP,Auctions,Supplier Search. Moreoever, our development labs in India
 could add great value for your module development, ongoing support,
 maintenance, QA, Porting work; deploying a very low cost structure.
 
 1.	TechSpan Details: I have enclosed the following -
 
 	1.1 Company Overview (Management, Revenues, Growth, Locations,
 Services, Competencies,  etc)
 	1.2 TechSpan B2B Markets Expertise Brochure
 	1.3 Case Study - e2Open , Traiana
 	1.4 Projects with Ariba & MOAI
 
 2.	Other Details which could be of interest
 
 	2.1 TechSpan has been featured on IDC's analysis (Report No. 23918)
 
 	" IDC believes that TechSpan has done a good job of melding its
 evolution as a services business to that of its 	partnerhips"
 
 	2.2.  BEA's Partner brochure on its competency (attachment), wherein
 TechSpan has been evaluated at par with KPMG & 	CSC. All our clients have
 also realized the value in TechSpan and all have positioned us equivalent
 (and higher in many 	cases)to any Big 5 Consulting firm.
 
 	2.3.  INDIAN E-BIZ CONSULTING MARKET WORTH $136 M.: V&D
 
 	TechSpan tops the Big Six list of e-biz consultants in India with
 total business worth $67 million, followed by 	Planetasia and MindTree. The
 study has identified pricing as the one big advantage enjoyed by Indian pure
 play 	Internet Professional Services companies.
 
      	http://ciol.com/content/news/repts/101020511.asp?nl=ctd-mar5
 
 	2.4  Inc. Magazine and Cisco Systems Name TechSpan, Inc., Finalist
 at Growing with Technology Awards Ceremony
 
       http://www.techspan.com/news/prcisco.html
 

 
       http://www.techspan.com/news/prsmartreseller.html
 
 
 In summary, we are a young company (two years in operations) with high
 ambitions and clearly articulated vision of being a leader in the e-commerce
 consulting space. We have achieved major milestones in being a $ 67.0
 Million company within 2 years, largely due to the confidence exhibited by
 our customers and partners. Though the above are some achievements in the
 past (giving you a base comfort factor on our long term stability), we are
 keen in discussing what value we could bring to Enron, now and in the
 future.
 
 Thks,
 
 Arvind
 
 Arvind Ramanathan
 Business Development Manager
 TechSpan Inc.
 
 Tel	: 408. 530.5570
 Cell	: 408. 828.6391
 
 www.techspan.com
 
 
      