
 
 is still being mulled over in the Senate, but is expected to pass 
 this week.  The keys issues is still the price, which will probably be 
 revised in accordance to the results of the auction.  Other legislation has 
 been introduced, including three bills by Boxer that would increase federal 
 support and impose "windfall profits tax" for wholesalers that sell power at 
 "unfair and unreasonable" rates.  The hydro legislation is still being 
 bantered about, however with going opposition from both Democrats and 
 Republicans.  
 
 Bail out scenarios
 A new scenario is a market-oriented solution that would give the state of 
 California "warrants" on the PG&E and Edison stock in return for lending them 
 the money to get out of this current mess (still the problem of financing the 
 $6B vs. $12B).   As the stock prices recovered, the state could cash in the 
 warrants and rebate to electricity users some of the emergency surcharge 
 needed to pay back the debt.  This is exactly the plan used to bail out 
 Chrysler in the late 1970s and it worked wonders for taxpayers then.  This 
 senario would also provide Davis with some political cover, as the idea of 
 rebates are far more appealing than price increases.  Lots of details remain 
 to be worked out, but even the consumer activist groups threatening to create 
 propositions on fall ballots appeared to like this deal.  
 
 Bankruptcy
 Socal is close to an agreement with 32 bank creditors and QFs to allow a 
 forbearance on debt payments through February 13th.  However, it is not 
 expected that the bondholders would agree to this type of deal.  The 
 bondholders could try to force the utilities into involuntary bankruptcy, but 
 would probably be unsuccessful.  As long as Socal continues working with 
 their creditors and show "good faith" any bankruptcy at this time would have 
 to be voluntary.  As this date (Feb. 13th) fast approaches, the state will 
 have to take quick action and draft and approve legislation between the 
 governor, the generators and the utilities to prevent Socal and PG&E from 
 bankruptcy.    As part of the forbearance agreement, Edison has contracted 
 with around 400 QFs and negotiations have been directed toward separating the 
 rate schedules of generation facilities fuelled between renewables and gas 
 fired generation.  Socal is attempting to shift gas fired QFs to longer term 
 schedules in light of the recent higher gas prices. 
 
 Auction
 After a nervous night when only one bid had come to the state's Internet site 
 by midnight on Tuesday, California officials were happy to announce that they 
 had almost 40 bids at an average of 6.9 cents per kilowatt-hour, below the 
 7.4 cent real cap state officials had set internally as the threshold between 
 doable and impossible.  This was well above the 5.5 cent ceiling the governor 
 had publicly stated as the preferred level.  Davis will now turn the 
 negotiating process over to David Freeman, who heads the Los Angeles electric 
 agency and is generally considered the dean of public-private utilities in 
 the west.   One thing to note, the State of California has no intention of 
 any credit guarantees for the bids with the Department of Water Resources.  
 Several California legislators have made it very clear that they do not want 
 the state to be ultimately responsible for these power purchases.
 
 
