
 
 What's this about?  Could you e-mail Dave and I with the background, any 
 effect on us, etc.?  Why was Dave on this distribution?
 whether it will legislate
 wisely is a different question.  We have the opportunity with this
 agreement for the industry to take charge of its own destiny.  If Congress
 acts it may well assign a very central role to the Federal government to
 take direct responsibility for reliability.  There are those in the
 Department of Energy who are pushing for such a role.   Congressman Barton
 is talking of the possibility of emergency legislation, possibly within the
 next few weeks.  If the industry pulls together, I believe we can forestall
 direct governmental controls, just as in 1965.  If the industry does not
 step up, then Congress may well assign the responsibility elsewhere.
 
 The CTG recommended to the Board that a critical mass of six Regions sign
 onto the agreement before it goes forward.  For those Regions that are
 considering developing their own programs with their members before they
 sign the agreement, with the view of having the CAPG determine in advance
 whether their programs meets the requirements of the agreement, I ask you
 to consider this:  If we don't get a critical mass of Regions to sign, then
 the CAPG may not come into existence.
 
 The NERC/Regions agreement is really an undertaking by the regions to work
 to develop their own regional compliance and enforcement program with their
 members.  My request remains that each of the regions sign the agreement by
 the March 30 Board meeting.  That will assure that we are able to make the
 governance changes that we have all been working for.  If any region is
 unable to sign by March 30, then use of the letter of intent would be a way
 to demonstrate support for the program.  That may be enough to satisfy
 those who have stated that moving forward on the compliance program is a
 condition to their support of the governance changes.
 
 Thanks very much for your consideration of the program and all the work
 you've put into this transition so far.  Please let me know if you have
 questions or if there is anything that we can do from here to be of
 assistance to you.
 
 
 
 
