
 
 The following article appeared in today's Chronicle.
 
 
 
 Jan. 25, 2001, 10:59PM
 
 Enron rating setup irks many workers 
 By L.M. SIXEL 
 
 TONGUES ARE WAGGING at Enron Corp., and it's not because of the bonuses 
 they're expecting next month. 
 
 Employees are irate about a new performance-review ranking system that pits 
 them against each other. 
 
 Under the system, nicknamed "rank and yank," employees will be put in one of 
 five categories: 5 percent will be identified as "superior," 30 percent will 
 be labeled "excellent," 30 percent will be called "strong," 20 percent will 
 be labeled "satisfactory" and 15 percent will be called "needs improvement" 
 or "issues." 
 
 An insider said "needs improvement" means "you have one leg hanging out the 
 window." And "issues" is Enron lingo for "you're gone." 
 
 The rankings, whose names reportedly took Enron officials hours to come up 
 with, are not based just on performance. 
 
 Instead, they compare employee against employee. 
 
 "It is possible, therefore, for someone to perform at the same or higher 
 level compared to prior periods, yet receive a lower rating for the current 
 period if other employees' performance raised the bar," according to a memo 
 from Chief of Staff Steven Kean and Executive Vice President Cindy Olson that 
 was distributed this month. 
 
 While employees are competing against each other for ratings, they're also 
 expected to be team players, according to the memo. 
 
 
 `Horse-trading' of rank denied
 The problem, according to someone familiar with the new system, is the 
 horse-trading that goes on when the rankings are divided up. 
 
 Managers trade rankings like baseball cards, explained the insider, offering 
 to downgrade one employee if they can get a better rating for another 
 employee. 
 
 An employee's ranking is more a function of the negotiating skills of the 
 manager he is working for, the insider said. 
 
 Olson, who's over human resources and community relations, said no 
 horsetrading is going on. The rankings, due out this week, aren't set in 
 stone, she said. Only 9 percent of employees were rated in the bottom 
 category while 6 to 7 percent were labeled superior, she said. 
 
 But Olson said she can see how employees might be worried about the prospect 
 of bargaining. 
 
 She speculated that one reason employees might worry is because it's a new 
 system for about 60 percent of Enron's employees. In years past, only the 
 wholesale energy services group was ranked this way. 
 
 Some human resource managers expressed surprise that Enron, which is known 
 for hiring superstars, apparently feels that it must get rid of so many 
 employees 
 To voice comments, telephone 713-220-2000 and dial in code 1002. Send e-mail 

 
 
 
 Return to top
  
  Click on banner for more information
  
    
   
  
   
  
   
  
  