
 
 See natural gas price article below.  Our buddy Paul Carpenter has turned o=
 n=20
 us (not to mention that he seems to be talking nonsense).  How about giving=
 =20
 him a call?
 
 Calpine Corporation (NYSE: CPN), the nation's fastest growing independent
 power producer, announced today it will purchase 35 model 7FB and 11 model =
 7FA
 gas-fired turbines from GE Power Systems. With this announcement, Calpine h=
 as
 firm orders in place for the delivery of 203 turbines. When operated in a
 combined-cycle application, this represents 50,000 megawatts of baseload
 capacity.
 
 
 The agreement marks the company's second large volume turbine acquisition
 from GE and is an important component of Calpine's five-year strategic plan=
  to
 have 70,000 megawatts of generation on line by the end of 2005. Calpine wil=
 l
 take delivery of 5 turbines in 2002, with the remainder of the contract to =
 be
 filled by the end of 2005.
 
 
 "This purchase significantly strengthens Calpine's leadership position in
 project development," said Doug Kieta, senior vice president-construction f=
 or
 Calpine. "Calpine's aggressive turbine procurement program also strengthens
 Calpine's first-mover advantage as we expand our development program and en=
 ter
 new electricity markets across the country."
 
 
 "GE Power Systems is pleased to provide Calpine today's technology of
 choice for power generation," said Delbert Williamson, President of GE Powe=
 r
 Systems Global Sales. "Our FA technology is the most proven advanced
 technology available, and we're confident our evolutionary FB technology wh=
 ich
 has been designed using GE's Corporate-wide Six Sigma initiative will provi=
 de
 Calpine highly competitive power generation."
 
 
 GE's current fleet of F technology gas turbines recently surpassed
 3.8 million hours of operation around the globe. GE's 7FB turbine is an
 evolution of the current 7FA model and is designed for higher efficiency,
 lower life-cycle cost power generation. By employing this new technology,
 Calpine will continue to generate electricity competitively while consuming
 less natural gas and producing fewer emissions than a typical power plant o=
 f
 comparable size.
 
 
 GE Power Systems (http://www.gepower.com) is one of the world's leading
 suppliers of power generation technology, energy services and management
 systems with 2000 revenue of $15 billion. The business has the largest
 installed base of power generation equipment in the global energy industry.
 GE Power Systems provides equipment, service and management solutions acros=
 s
 the power generation, oil and gas, distributed power and energy rental
 industries.
 
 
 Based in San Jose, Calif., Calpine Corporation is dedicated to providing
 customers with reliable and competitively priced electricity.  Calpine is
 focused on clean, efficient combined-cycle, natural gas-fired generation an=
 d
 is the nation's largest producer of renewable geothermal energy.  To date,
 the company has approximately 31,200 megawatts of base load capacity and
 6,800 megawatts of peaking capacity in operation, under construction and
 announced development in 28 states and Alberta, Canada.  The company was
 founded in 1984 and is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
 the symbol CPN.  For more information about Calpine, visit its Website at
 www.calpine.com.
 
 
 This news release discusses certain matters that may be considered
 "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Excha=
 nge
 Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding the intent, belief =
 or
 current expectations of Calpine Corporation (the "Company") and its
 management. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looki=
 ng
 statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of
 risks and uncertainties that could materially affect actual results such as=
 ,
 but not limited to, (i) changes in government regulations and anticipated
 deregulation of the electric energy industry; (ii) commercial operations of
 new plants that may be delayed or prevented because of various development =
 and
 construction risks, such as a failure to obtain financing and the necessary
 permits to operate or the failure of third-party contractors to perform the=
 ir
 contractual obligations (iii) cost estimates are preliminary and actual cos=
 t
 may be higher than estimated, (iv) the assurance that the Company will deve=
 lop
 additional plants, (v) a competitor's development of a lower-cost generatin=
 g
 gas-fired power plant, (vi) receipt of regulatory approvals or (vii) the ri=
 sks
 associated with marketing and selling power from power plants in the newly
 competitive energy market. Prospective investors are also referred to the
 other risks identified from time to time in the Company's reports and
 registration statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
 
 SOURCE  Calpine Corporation
 
 
 
 CONTACT:  press, Kent Robertson, 408-995-5115, ext. 1144, or investors,
 Rick Barraza, 408-995-5115, ext. 1125, both of Calpine Corporation
 Web site:  http://www.gepower.com
 Web site:  http://www.calpine.com
 (CPN)
