
 
 
 Need to talk to you about this
 
 
  
 
 In order to give some concrete statistics for our argument that midstream and  production affiliates are important links in the infrastructure with affiliated  pipelines (and, of course, that applying the NOPR to pipeline affiliates would  be a disaster), please provide data to answer the following three questions. Our  customer operations guys tell me this is a pretty straigtforward exercise.O bviously, given the 13 days until comments are due, time is of the essence. So  please respond by COB Tuesday, if possible.
 1. For each pipeline, how many interconnects do you have that receive gas  from an affiliated interstate pipeline? For all these interconnects, how much  gas flowed through them (in the aggregate) in 2000?
 2. For each pipeline, how many interconnects do you have that receive gas  from affiliated gatherers, processors, or intrastate pipelines? For all these  interconnects, how much gas flowed through them (in the aggregate) in 2000?
 3. For each pipeline, how many interconnects do you have that deliver gas  into affiliated intrastate pipelines? For all these interconnects, how much gas  flowed through them (in the aggregate) in 2000?
 Additionally, Michael Doane, the economist INGAA has retained, would like to  have the following information for his report. It can be anecdotal, but having  something concrete to point at is critical. He needs all the examples we can  provide of existing infrastructure (gathering-to-pipeline,  processing-to-pipeline, production-to-affiliated gathering and pipeline) that  would not have gone forward if pipelines were not allowed to coordinate with  their midstream and production affiliates. If at all possible, state the natural  gas deliverability that's there today, which would not have been there. under  the proposed rule.
 As you'd suspect, this also has to be done as quickly as possible. Get the  information to me, and I'll forward it to Michael.
 Thanks for your help.
 Rick
 
