
 

   Methodology
 Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Sent Items
 X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
 X-FileName: 
 
 Alan,
 
 I have a few questions regarding the emminent implementation of the new target pricing mechanism.
 1. Does uninstructed energy still get paid (if not, we cannot hedge financials)
 2. The CISO Table 1. lists an unintended consequence as " Target price may be manipulated due to no obligation to deliver"
 	Why is there no obligation to deliver?
 3. Is there still a load deviation penalty? Or would that be considered seperately?
 
 Thanks for the help.
 
 Bill
 
  and the published price for Real Time Energy
 transactions - was zero.  Thus, while the revised methodology reduced gaming
 opportunities, it also produced unrealistic real-time prices that distorted
 incentives for SCs to bid into the ISO's Real-Time Market.
 Long-Range Solution
 After extensive internal review and discussion with Stakeholders, the ISO
 has concluded that the best solution is to accept overlapping bids, thus
 entirely eliminating the need for the TP.  At its September 20, 2001
 meeting, the ISO Governing Board approved this concept.  This long-range
 solution will require an ISO Tariff and certain computer software changes
 and will not be implemented until approximately Summer, 2002.   Detailed
 below is the ISO's interim, short-term TP methodology that will become
 effective three business days after this Market Notice, on October 29, 2001.
 Short-Range Solution
 Also described in the ISO staff memorandum presented at the September 20,
 2001 ISO Governing Board meeting and as discussed at the October 3, 2001 and
 11, 2001 Market Issues Forum meetings, the ISO will implement an interim
 solution to address some of the difficulties with the current methodology
 until the ISO can implement the longer-range solution.  Thus, by this Market
 Notice, Market Participants are noticed that the ISO will implement the TP
 methodology described herein effective Monday, October 29.  
 The revised methodology is similar to the original TP methodology, but
 features several important enhancements to limit gaming opportunities by
 incorporation of Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC") orders for
 price mitigation, limiting the ability of Participating Generators and
 Participating Loads to set the TP, and permitting only feasible bids to be
 eligible to set the TP.  
 Under the original TP methodology, as established in March 1998, a TP
 replaced all bid prices within the incremental - decremental price overlap.
 The TP was calculated as the market-clearing price ("MCP") that would result
 if the overlapping incremental and decremental bids were matched with one
 another and Dispatched in merit order through BEEP.  Graphically, this
 Target Price can be calculated as the intersection between the incremental
 supply curve and the mirror image of the decremental supply curve over the
 price axis, as shown in Figure 1. 
 
  <<...OLE_Obj...>> 
 Figure 1. Price overlap elimination by Target Price
 
 The interim, or short-range, TP methodology differs from the original TP
 methodology in the following ways: 
 *	Only bids from Generating Units under Participating Generator
 Agreements ("PGA") or Loads with Participating Load Agreements ("PLA") will
 be eligible to set the TP.  This restriction is needed to ensure compliance
 with FERC requirements that only participating resources are eligible to set
 the MCP.  When the ISO does not Dispatch Imbalance Energy, the TP will
 become the MCP.  Thus, only Generators with PGAs and Loads under PLAs will
 be eligible to set the TP.  For this reason, inter-tie transactions will not
 be eligible to set the TP.
 *	Only capacity that can be Dispatched within 10 minutes will be
 eligible to set the TP.  This requirement ensures that the TP can only be
 set by Generating Units that actually can be Dispatched to meet California's
 Load.  This capacity will be based on the total of all Energy and Capacity
 products and services bids submitted by each Generating Unit.    For
 example, a Generating Unit with a 1MW/minute ramp rate can only increase or
 decrease its output by 10 MW within a 10-minute interval, regardless of the
 combination of Ancillary Services capacity and Supplemental Energy bids it
 has submitted  Thus, its qualifying capacity would be 10 MW.  Priority in
 allocating bids to the qualifying capacity will be based first on lowest bid
 price, and then on increasing qualities of service.  Although only
 qualifying capacity will be considered in the TP calculation, all bids
 within the price overlap will be adjusted to the resulting TP.
 *	As a final adjustment, the TP will not be higher than the lowest
 available gas-fired resource proxy price, as calculated for the
 corresponding hour, unless such a proxy price is below the bottom of the
 price overlap.  In any such case, the TP will be set to the lowest
 incremental Energy bid. The Target Price will also not exceed the applicable
 Price Cap.  This provision will ensure that bids dispatched under the TP
 will conform to the FERC's requirements on market mitigation pricing.
 The short-term TP methodology will use the following equation:
 	TP? = max{0, min{TP, LPP, PRC }, LIP}	(1)
 where:
 TP?	is the adjusted Target Price;	
 TP	is the Target Price that clears the price overlap;	
 LPP	is the lowest proxy price (applicable to gas-fired resources)	
 LIP	is the lowest incremental price.	
 PRC	is the applicable Price Cap.	
 Please direct questions regarding the TP methodology and this Market Notice

 (916) 351-2144. 
 Client Relations Communications
