
 
 Dan Walters: Davis plays in a virtual world while the energy reality continues
 
 
 (Published July 11, 2001) 
 California still has a very real and very severe energy crisis, to wit: 
 The state is still running up massive debts as it pays more for power than it 
 can recover from ratepayers and is having trouble borrowing billions of 
 dollars to cover the debt. 
 There is a strong possibility, perhaps a probability, that when summer's heat 
 truly descends, there will be severe power blackouts as air conditioners 
 demand more juice than California can generate or buy. 
 One major utility, Pacific Gas and Electric, has filed for bankruptcy 
 protection and a second, Southern California Edison, is on the brink of 
 joining it. 
 There is, however, a virtual energy crisis consisting of political spin, 
 media leaks and made-for-television buzz words  indicate that 
 less than 10 percent of California's power purchase dollars were going to 
 Texas and the private sellers, in general, charged the state less than such 
 publicly owned utilities as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. 
 The clearly adverse position being taken by FERC and the purchase data that 
 undercut his jingoistic sloganeering are not, however, deterring Davis from 
 continuing to operate, at least for public consumption, in the melodramatic 
 virtual world. 
 One cannot, however, ignore reality forever. The likelihood of a 
 pro-generator decision from FERC means that there will be no easy out for 
 Davis, or for his pending deal to prevent Southern California Edison from 
 slipping into bankruptcy court. The Legislature has refused to act on the 
 Edison rescue plan while it awaited an indication of whether the utility's 
 debts would be slimmed down by FERC. 
 This week's farcical events make it more likely that the Edison deal will 
 stall out permanently in the Legislature and its creditors will force the 
 utility into bankruptcy court later this summer. That's part of that nasty 
 old reality that cannot simply be wished away. 
 

 .
 
 
