
 
 Rob, thank you for the information.  Jim
 
   however, even if there
 is such a bias, our programs are still very valuable when in comes to making
 our civil justice system more predictable.  Even the pro-business judges
 need to understand how to articulate the economic reasoning that supports
 their pro-business instincts.  We provide them with the tools to be more
 effective.
 
 Second, a generic description of Chapman from their P.R. office.  Rest
 assured, the church does not play a major role in the University.
 
 Also, I wanted to mention to you a significant connection between Chapman
 University and Enron.  The most important player at Chapman is George L.
 Argyros.  George is Chairman of the Board of Trustees and a very loyal
 financial supporter of the University.  I will be Dean of the George L.
 Argyros School of Business and Economics.  George has been nominated by
 President Bush as Ambassador to Spain.
 
 George Argyros is also Chairman Emeritus & Treasurer of the Horatio Alger
 Association.  Kenneth L. Lay is Executive Vice President of the Horatio
 Alger Association.
 
 I suspect that Mr. Argyros and Mr. Lay have worked closely in their
 leadership capacities with the Horatio Alger Association.
 
 I would hope that this connection would result in a much larger contribution
 to the Chapman LOEC.  Do you have any suggestions about how to proceed?
 
 Checks should be made payable to "Chapman LOEC" and sent to me at the
 address below.
 
 Thanks for Enron's support.
 
 Hope all is well with you.
 
 Sincerely,
 
 Henry
 
 
 P.S.  I will be out of the office all next week on vacation.
 
 Henry N. Butler, J.D., Ph.D.
 Koch Distinguished Professor of Law and Economics
 Director, Law and Organizational Economics Center
 University of Kansas
 Lawrence, KS  66045
 785-864-7515
 785-864-5702 (fax)

 
 
 Henry N. Butler
 (new address as of July 16, 2001)
 Dean, The Argyros School of Business and Economics
 James Farley Professor of Economics
 Chapman University
 One University Drive
 Orange, CA  92866
 714-997-6576
 714-744-7890 (fax)

 
 
  - Overview of Chapman.doc << File: Overview of Chapman.doc >> 
  - June 2001 Judicial Participant Numbers by State and Court.xls << File: June 2001 Judicial Participant Numbers by State and Court.xls >> 