
 
 Rick/Paul:
 
 Message(s) received loud and clear.  I'll await Paul's email and proceed 
 according to that plan.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 

 	05/15/2001 10:44 AM
 		 


 		  
 I already lost it with both Sandy and Mike yesterday.  
 
 Sandy will be preparing three or four RCRs for discussion at the next RCR 
 meeting.  In the meantime, on an emergency basis, I've authorized Mike to 
 participate in two Direct Access meetings and one conference call with the 
 author of the environmental dispatch legislation.   Sandy assured me that the 
 environmental dispatch legislation would (if passed) gut the gains we made in 
 the siting legislation recently passed.  
 
 On a going forward basis, one of the RCRs will be re:  the global 
 settlement.  I think it is critical that Mike report to Jeff on all matters 
 relating to the global settlement whether they are legislative or not.  I'm 
 drafting an e-mail that I will distribute this afternoon after you have had a 
 chance to look at it that should clarify matters.  
 
  August.  As of May 11, 2001, we have recorded approximately
 $3000 in billings related to direct access in this month.
 
 2. Improved powerplant siting and increased emission offset
 legislation:   $15,000 over three months, more if the final legislative
 solution is delayed until August.  We have recorded approximately $1,000 in
 billings related to this area this month (through May 11, 2001).
 
 3. Windfall profits tax bill:  This project required additional upfront
 legal research regarding the constitutionality of the proposed tax.  We have
 billed legal fees for approximately $4000 in May, 2001, up through May 11.
 My best estimate is $18,000 over three months of session, more if the bill
 is still alive in August.
 
 4. Global settlement/Edison MOU/Plan B legislation:   This project
 covers the gamut of comprehensive legislative proposals to address the
 energy crisis, including a proposal by the Governor, legislation to approve
 the Edison MOU or an alternative plan which does not involve purchase of the
 Edison transmission system, commonly referred to as "Plan B".  As explained
 by Paul Kaufman, this work is expected to involve less work in the near
 term, and more as the legislation actually moved forward in the future.
 Trying to average this increasing level of work over time is difficult, but
 I am estimating $15,000 over the next three months, more if the package is
 still being enacted in August.  We have recorded approximately $2000 in
 billings on this issue through May 11, 2001 this month.
 
 Please contact me if you have any questions regarding any of the above.  We
 are pleased to have the opportunity to be of service to Enron, and look
 forward to continuing this relationship.
 
 Mike Day
 Goodin, MacBride, Squeri, Ritchie & Day, LLP
 
 
 
 
