
 
 prices that most Californians 
 have been paying recently for power. 
 UC and Cal State accuse Enron of breaking its contract so that it can sell 
 power earmarked for the campuses to other customers for more money. 
 On Friday, the public universities asked the U.S. District Court in Oakland 
 to issue a preliminary injunction to stop the switch-over. No hearing has 
 been scheduled, UC spokesman Charles McFadden said. 
 "We don't object to Enron making more money," McFadden said. "What we do 
 object to is Enron seeking to increase their profits at the expense of 
 California's students, parents and taxpayers." 
 Enron denied Monday that the company will resell power to boost profits, and 
 an executive guaranteed that, for this final year of its contract with the 
 universities, Enron will reimburse them for any increase in their power bills 
 when they return to the customer rolls of PG&E and Edison. 
 "All the value that caused the [UC and Cal State systems] to want a contract 
 with us, we are retaining. . . . The only reason we did [this] is because we 
 found a better cost alternative to keep us in the game," Enron Vice Chairman 
 Marty Sunde said. 
 The universities estimate that their contract with Enron has saved their 
 campuses $30 million. Being returned to the in-state power suppliers could 
 cost them an additional $132 million to $297 million over 10 years, they say. 
 That figure includes the cost of switching meters on the campuses and 
 changing billing systems. More significant, the higher price the universities 
 would pay for power would include a projected rate increase that would help 
 PG&E and Edison reduce the billions in debt they have incurred in 
 California's deregulated electricity market. 
 While other colleges in the state pay super high rates for power, UC, Cal 
 State and Enron have proudly promoted their arrangement. In January, the 
 university systems put out a news release that extolled the contract and 
 assured that electricity rates would remain stable until at least March 31, 
 2002, when the contract was scheduled to expire. 
 When the agreement was reached in 1998, Enron said it was "honored" to serve 
 UC and Cal State, and the firm boasts on its Web site that the university 
 systems are "notable customers." 
 "We were and are proud of the contract," UC's McFadden said. "That's why 
 we're fighting so hard to preserve it." 
 UC and Cal State are among the state's biggest consumers of electricity, 
 paying more than $125 million annually for power. Both systems meet a portion 
 of their power needs by generating electricity at on-campus plants. 
 Not all of the universities' campuses have been served by Enron. UCLA, for 
 example, buys its power from the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, 
 and UC Riverside purchases it from the city of Riverside. 