
 
 Chris,
 
 this looks good to me.  Stephanie is checking with Transwestern to see what their parking/lending fees would be for weekends, just for an idea.  I am also talking to the desk.  I will keep you posted.
 
 Kim
 
 

   
 Kim:
 
 Please review and add anything you want and return.
 
 C
 
 John/Sean:
 
 A few thoughts on the Griffith deal:
 
 1.  Term:  PPL indicates they want to do the deal through 2003.  That is really 2003 - 2004 as it incldues Nov - Mar.  Extension until this time might require extension of our underlying deal.  This would be OK with us.
 2.  Character of service:   The text indicates that PPL would have the right to request deliveries be made to an alternqate point on TW.  Why would they want this?  This could be a problem if we know the gas wouldn't flow as we would shut in puchases.  We would like to make this on a mutually acceptable basis.
 3.  Pricing:  Does the reservation cahrge include variable transport?  I think that is what we proposed.  If not, then the Commodity rate flow needs to include the variable cost of  transport plus fuel.
 4.  Conditions:  Noms must be in at 8:00 am.  This is very important and the a deal killer.  We need time to manage the position.  Also, the weekend issue needs to be addressed.  As we have discussed, weekends trade as the same quantity each day.  If they want to vary the daily amoount during the weekend and make Sunday higher than Sat or Monday, that is fairly ewaasy to deal with.  If they want to have lower takes on Sunday, this is more difficult ad increases costs.  We might be able to craft a solution to this however.
 
 Chris
 
 
    

 		
 
 


  
 
 Chris,
 
 Here is the counter.  I will talk to you before I get own the plane.
 
 John
 

   


 X-OpenMail-Hops: 2
 
  

   
 Sean/John,
 We'd like to thank you for puttting together this offer for bundled supply to
 our Griffith facility.  We are very agreeable to the structure and general
 framework that you have laid out.  We did make a few modifications however and
 you can find them in the attached redlined version of your proposal.  We will
 available to discuss this proposal with Citizens.
 
 Thanks
 
 Terry
 
 
 
 
 
 
  - PPL - Griffith Gas Sales Proposal-rev.doc 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 <Embedded StdOleLink>