
 
 Unless the first option expires (and the original premium is expensed), you 
 add the original payment to the renewal premium to determine the percentage.  
 If we can't beat the percentage game, we can have the land on the balance 
 sheet and that won't put the entire project on it.  Don't ask me to splain 
 that, because I can't.  If the land is going to be on the balance sheet, you 
 would think that it would be better to have $1.3 on than $4.2.  However, one 
 thing I don't know (haven't asked) is what the environmental restrictions are 
 with our financing vehicle.  I don't know if the land has to be clean before 
 it can go into the vehicle.  I can ask.  If it is required to be clean, then 
 you may be back to the $4.2 anyway.  
 
 Kay
 
 PS.  Feel like Alice in Wonderland  yet?
 
 
 
 



 
  
 Yes we do want to renew the option through September of next year and we will 
 need to persuade them to lower the option premium.  Her is a thought:  the 
 land fill closure cost is approximately $2.9 million.  Could we create a new 
 option agreement that states that the strike price is $4.2 million ($1.3 the 
 original strike price plus the cost of land fill closure cost) so we could 
 pay an option premium of up to $210,000 (5% of $4.2 million).  At closing, we 
 reduce the purchase price by the costs yet to be incurred in the closing the 
 land fill.  Since Certosa Holdings will not start the closure until they are 
 assured that we will exercise the option if even then, the net cost to us 
 would drop back to  the original strike price.  Could we get this past the 
 accountants?
 
 Only the memorandum of option was recorded.
 
 
 
  
  
 Kathleen
 Cc: Milligan, Taffy
  
 Kay Mann is the designated hitter for the Pompano and Deerfied projects while 
 I'm on vacation.  I've given her a down load of the status of Greg and 
 Steve's projects.  Chris Boehler at A&K will be the designated hitter for 
 Midway.  I'm not going to check my voice mail while I'm gone but, if 
 necessary, here are the contact numbers while I'm gone.
 

 

 
 If you call, Walter and Bernhard and Bernhard's daughter, Susanne, speak very 
 good English.  Monika's isn't bad.  Marlena may get flustered and hang up on 
 you.
 
 Best of luck at Deerfield and hope to see Pompano on track when I get back in 
 the office on June 11th.  Kay is planning on going to Florida on June 12 for 
 the moratorium hearing and the rezoning hearing.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
