
 
 Michael:
 FYI.
 Best,
 Jeff
  Pacific Gas and Electric Company today announced that it 
 will be forced to challenge actions now being contemplated by the State of 
 California to impose new demands on its frozen rate structure. The proposed 
 actions will destabilize its current situation with creditors and put the 
 entire possibility of reaching a balanced solution to California's energy 
 crisis at risk. 
 	This week, the State has made clear its intention to use Pacific Gas and 
 Electric Company's existing rate structure to begin fully paying Qualifying 
 Facilities (QFs) in advance, for future power purchases, starting April 1, 
 and to reimburse the Department of Water Resources (DWR) in advance of any 
 other generating source, including utility-retained generation, bilateral 
 contracts, QFs or the Independent System Operator (ISO). 
 	"These actions approach the problem in a piecemeal and uncoordinated fashion 
 and would force us to pay out far more than we collect in rates, further 
 exacerbating an already precarious financial situation," said Gordon R. 
 Smith, president and chief executive officer of Pacific Gas and Electric 
 Company. "The numbers just don't work." 
 	Currently, under frozen rates, Pacific Gas and Electric Company has been 
 collecting approximately $400 million per month for the purchase of electric 
 power. This revenue has been used in payments to power suppliers, including 
 power purchases from irrigation districts and bilaterals, to cover costs of 
 operating our retained generation, and is insufficient to cover payments to 
 the ISO and QFs. The average combined energy bill from all of these sources 
 exceeds $1.4 billion a month, and may go even higher in the coming months. 
 Moreover, the utility's financial condition has been further jeopardized by 
 the failure of the DWR to acknowledge responsibility for the full "net open 
 position," i.e. the power that must be purchased on the spot market. This 
 dispute over the net open position is threatening to accrue additional 
 liabilities for Pacific Gas and Electric Company.
 	"We continue to work with State officials to develop a constructive, 
 comprehensive solution that assures that California has a reliable and fairly 
 priced supply of power. Nevertheless, we have a duty to our suppliers, 
 lenders and shareholders to protect the assets of the utility, and we must 
 challenge any action by the State to force us to pay out more than is 
 collected in rates," Mr. Smith concluded. 
 	?
 	
 	
