
 
 Lets try it and then try to gauge whether it is accomplishing anything.  I believe our employees are on information overload and putting out another newsletter adds to the overload.  I have always believed that if we have an effective Corporate newsletter we don't need these subsidiary newsletters.  Meaningful information can be included in the corporate newsletter.  At ETS we used to have periodic FYI newsletters that were directed at key topics we needed to cover.
 
 You and I also need to do a budget review.  The cost I am hearing from your group are to big for EGS to support.  I had truly hoped that Gina's group combined with you and perhaps one other person could cover EGS.  Gina's group was covering ETs and EOTT.  I think Adam has a PR person so we need to find out what PR costs are in the Wind company.  Also NBP's has there own PR person.
 
 Please set up a meeting with Cindy and Tracy.
 
 Thanks
 
  
    Cc:	Stark, Cindy
  
 Stan,
 
 With the formation of EGS, as well as all of the recent activity affecting the company, we feel that it is important to initiate an EGS newsletter to keep employees informed and motivated.  The most cost-effective and timely way of doing this is through e-mail, backed up with an intranet version and hard copies (in most cases printed off locally) for those employees who do not have PCs.  The newsletter would supplement other communication channels, such as messages from you, eSpeak, floor meetings, site visits, your periodic meetings and normal management communication.  
 
 We would like to see how much news and interest we have before making a final determination, but would expect this newsletter to go out once or twice a month.  In addition to English, we intend to provide Spanish and Portuguese versions.   We will work to assist local management if they feel that other languages are needed for their operations.
 
 Attached for your review is the proposed text for the first edition.  We believe a message from you and summary of the business units/operations in EGS is the appropriate content for the first edition.  In future editions we would expect to also cover business developments and news of interest to employees.  A template of our proposed design for the newsletter is also attached.  Any comments on the text or concept, as well as your approval to proceed would be greatly appreciated.  Of course, I am available at your convenience if you want to discuss this.
 
 Thank you,
 
 John
 
  << File: EGS Chairman's Letter.doc >>  << File: EGS Asset List.doc >>  << File: newsletter template.doc >>  