
 
 
 
  

 
  
 tEXas tailgatES talk
 
 
 We will all need to chip in a few dollars for the ENORMOUS
 thank you card going to Stillwater this week. I gave the
 Cowboys no chance to win that game, and after seeing the
 highlights, reading the paper, etc? I still would give them
 no chance. It just goes to show that what I think means
 absolutely nothing.
 
 21-7
 
 Wow. This game was eerily similar to the Texas/OU game. Both
 defense were stellar, and shutdown the opposition's offense.
 Some complaints I have heard center on the lack of offense/offensive
 creativity in the A&M game, and Chris Simms' decision making
 in the passing game. I disagree. If you were at the game, you
 noticed the wind was swirling something fierce, and gusting
 upwards of around 30 mph at times. Both punters struggled in
 the 1st half, with punts of 15,17,19,17,21 and 24 yards. Aggie
 qb Mark Farris threw deep a few times, and was picked off once,
 and if not for some superb plays by his wr's, at least twice more.
 Texas jumped out early with a t.d off of a blocked punt, and then
 went into the play-it-safe mode. Seeing that balls thrown deep
 were floating up for grabs and the Aggie offense's inability to
 move the ball consistently, the Longhorns played the OU-style
 field position game, and kept the crowd out of it (except for
 the 39-yard punt return by Mickey Jones in the 3rd quarter, when
 Texas te Mike Jones was liquidated on a block) and eventually
 wore down the undermanned Aggies with 2 scores late in the 4th.
 Could the offense have played better? Sure. They would certainly
 be the first to tell you that. Simms, in my opinion, did exactly
 what the coaches asked him to do: play it safe, don't go for the
 home run, and don't give them anything cheap to fire up the crowd.
 He did just that. No turnovers, no silly passes (well, 1). His
 touch seemed a little off, throwing behind some receivers on
 occasion, but he also looked fantastic in the clutch. He fired a
 missile between 2 Aggies to hit Bo Scaife on 3rd & 4 at the Aggie
 15 on the games go ahead touchdown drive (Benson scored on the
 next play). He took what the defense gave him, and now the 'horns
 are in Dallas. Fine with me. A 14-point win at the feared Kyle
 Field.  The Texas Defense is ON FIRE. They held the inept Aggie
 offense to 165 yards total (117 pass: 48 rush) and 1 touchdown.
 A&M Aggie qb Mark Farris was never able to find his receivers,
 and twice found Longhorn defenders wide open. Neither offense
 looked particularly sharp, but the 'horns found a way to pull
 it out. Good teams win. Period.

 FORWARD THIS EMAIL TO A FRIEND!
 
 Texas Tailgate Talk is a free service for members of
 the Texas Exes and graduates of The University of Texas.
 
 To subscribe to the Texas Tailgate Talk send this email to

 subject line.  Be sure and include YOUR FULL NAME in the body
 of the email.  If you want to change where we send the email,
 update your free Texas Ex forwarding email by going to
 
 http://www.alumni.utexas.net
 
 You can also update your record at:
 
 https://dpweb1.dp.utexas.edu/nlogon/alumni-address/
 
 To unsubscribe send an email with UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject

 include YOUR FULL NAME in the body of the email.
