
 
 Sara Shackleton
 Enron North America Corp.
 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a
 Houston, Texas  77002
 713-853-5620 (phone)
 713-646-3490 (fax)

  would be required to sign
 for the delivery. And the holder of the shipper's permit would be required
 to pay all taxes. Wine could not be shipped into a dry precinct.
 
 Only 28 Texas counties allow the sale of alcohol countywide. Eighty-nine
 percent of the state is either dry or a patchwork of small precincts where
 alcohol can be sold.
 
 Alan Gray, director of the Licensed Beverage Distributors, opposes the bill.
 He said he believes that minors would be able to buy wine off the Internet,
 that local sales taxes would not be collected and that the shippers have no
 easy way to determine where alcohol sales are legal.
 
 "We think it creates nothing more than an honor system," Gray said.
 
 Mowery insists that allowing direct shipping of a small amount of wine to
 customers won't affect wholesalers' profits. Gray argued that if wine wins
 an exception, liquor could be next.
 
 The Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission, which enforces the state's laws, is
 not allowed to support or oppose legislation. Randy Yarbrough, the agency's
 assistant director, said Mowery's bill could provide equal treatment to
 Texas wholesalers and out-of-state wineries. Yet the agency would have to
 work out collection and payment of sales taxes to cities.
 
 Also, there is no easy way, such as a database, for shippers to determine
 areas of the state where alcohol can be sold.
 
 "No one (at the state level) knows where the wet and dry areas are,"
 Yarbrough said.
 
 As for sale to minors, Yarbrough said states that allow Internet sales have
 used minors in sting operations. But he believes that sales to minors remain
 a bigger problem for local retailers.
 
 "Kids generally do not want to buy alcohol over the Internet," Yarbrough
 said. "They want it for tonight."
 
 Swinford, the Panhandle Republican, takes a Texas-only approach. House Bill
 892 would allow Texas wineries to ship up to two cases of wine per month
 within the state, even into dry areas. Wineries in dry counties also could
 sell wine on the premises just as private clubs do with memberships.
 
 "I call this bill `Direct-Ship Lite,' " joked Swinford.
 
 Swinford said his bill will develop the Texas wine industry. Gray argues
 that it may be illegal because it would favor Texas wineries over
 out-of-state ones.
 
 Swinford said Texas wineries need the help. California produces 400 times
 the wine that Texas does but consumes only three times as much.
 
 "This is not a booze bill," he said. "I don't even like wine. I like
 agriculture."
 
 

 

 Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com
 
