
 
 Lee,
 
 Thanks for your message. I am currently in London and shall contact you on my return to the States
 next week. I plan to attend your conference.
 
 Vince
 
  45 minutes East of Portland International Airport, Portland, Oregon.  A mind expanding setting for an executive-and professional level exchange of information and strategies concerning North American energy markets. 
 Navigating Today's Energy Markets
 The challenges of taming energy markets don't begin and end in California. Volatility and risk are present in every market region, forcing all participants to carefully examine the underlying factors and accurately assess their current and future market positions. 
 For the 4th year, EPIS, Inc., developer of the AURORA? electric market model, has assembled a stimulating program of interest to any company exposed to energy market risks.  This year's agenda includes a detailed look at the various energy trading regions in the U.S. and Canada - an exploration of market conditions and market dynamics. 
 This year's conference will feature thoughtful exchanges on:
 Electric and Gas Markets - 2001 and Beyond
 U.S. Markets: Crisis in the West, Emerging Issues in the East and ERCOT
 Keys to U.S. Electric and Gas Forward Markets
 Issues in Canadian Markets
 Gas Hedging Strategies and Electric Markets
 Price and Volume Volatility in Turbulent Markets
 New Resources: When and Where to Develop?
 
 You'll hear from top-level speakers representing companies that have been there - Williams Energy Marketing, FPL Energy, NYMEX, ENRON, DTE Energy, Deutsche Bank and others. Plus there will be informative "roll-up-your-sleeves" sessions on applied forecasting techniques by Williams Energy Marketing, Pinnacle West, GenerSys, Southern California Edison.
 Register for Conference
 Register by sending the registration information on the attachment to EPIS by: 
 Fax     (503) 722-7130  MAIL 1800 Blankenship Rd., Suite 350, West Linn, OR 97068
 Or register by phone at (503) 722-2023 x201.
  <<Agenda 2001 Electric Market Forecasting Conference.doc>> 
 
  - ole0.bmp << File: ole0.bmp >> 
  - Agenda 2001 Electric Market Forecasting Conference.doc << File: Agenda 2001 Electric Market Forecasting Conference.doc >> 