
 
 This guy has it right.
  and that there was a risk to them 
 if wholesale prices were to go up. 
 This, they told us, is the marketplace. They were willing to absorb the risk. 
 This was the brave new world of free markets. 
 But markets are never free. From the beginning, this deregulation plan was 
 designed to buy the California utilities time and advantage. Initially, 
 consumers saw lower rates, but not as low as real competition might have 
 provided when compared to the heavily sheltered market of the past five 
 years. Now, because this rigged marketplace has failed, the utilities want 
 again to put their hands into the ratepayers' pockets. 
 At first, PG&E and Southern California Edison asked the Public Utilities 
 Commission to have California consumers pay the entire cost of deregulation's 
 risks. Their idea did not pass the smell or the laugh test. 
 Now the utilities look for a way to repackage their old proposal, including a 
 substantial rate increase. The rationale is that the utilities may collapse 
 financially. This threat is supposed to inspire Gov. Gray Davis and the PUC 
 to quickly put the ratepayer on the hook for the utilities' failures. 
 During the past year, dozens of utilities have merged all across America. 
 PG&E, for example, may not be worth much to its shareholders, but like AT&T, 
 it may be worth something to its competitors. This is the genius of the 
 American marketplace. 
 PG&E shareholders bought the stock, assuming the risk. Why should the 
 ratepayers be asked to insulate them from that risk? During this past year, 
 tens of billions of dollars of market capitalization were lost by various 
 Silicon Valley high-tech firms. Their shareholders do not get the benefit of 
 going to the PUC and getting a taxpayer bailout. 
 The ratepayer has already paid for this energy under a contract that 
 utilities struck with the people of the state of California. Any additional 
 payment by the ratepayer is a financial bailout. Any prudent investor would 
 ask what the return will be before handing over billions of dollars. The 
 ratepayer deserves an answer, as well as some equity or other consideration. 
 George Miller is a Democratic congressman from Martinez. 