
 
 Hi.  Apologies.  Things have just been nuts.  I will get you that access code 
 to EnronOnline just as soon as I can.  Hopefully today.  Hope all is well.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 

 	02/05/2001 07:17 PM
 		 



 		  		  
 This is something Colleen's brother told me about today.  We talk
 periodically and we always end up talking about bluegrass.  He's playing the
 fiddle.  He really wants us to go to this camp.  It's not bluegrass oriented
 enough for me, but it is interesting.  Close to the dome too.
 
 
 Cameron Sellers
 Vice President, Business Development
 PERFECT
 1860 Embarcadero Road - Suite 210
 Palo Alto, CA 94303

 650.798.3366 (direct dial)
 650.269.3366 (cell)
 650.858.1095 (fax)
 
 the circular moving together to music that stirs and satisfies
 and finally exhausts its partners? 
 Whatever theory one prefers, hey, this joint is really jumping. Gradually,
 reluctantly, the crowd disperses, flashlights bouncing in time to the music
 left behind, humming on the way to tents or cabins or campers. Some teens
 never seem to turn up at their parents campsites. One of the beauties of
 this place is that no one worries. Repeat visitors seemed clear about
 it-Lark camp is a safe place for kids. 
 For those who could rise the next morning after a night like that, there
 were lots more choices to be made after breakfast. Just outside the dining
 hall you could see a knot of people pondering the list of offerings on the
 chalkboard, a 6 by 10 timetable on which staff members had listed their
 workshop offerings. (Mickie points out that there is no essential separation
 between staff and campers, and I found that to be true.) Those who came with
 one instrument and one style to master had the easier time of it. Devout
 fiddlers went off to their Irish, or Greek, Cape Breton, gypsy, Yugoslav.
 They had their plan and they stuck to it. We dilletantes, on the other hand,
 could be driven crazy by the palette-which color should we dip our musical
 brush into today? 
 To keep my sanity, I committed a schedule to paper and more or less stayed
 with it through the week. First thing after breakfast was non-threatening
 beginning guitar. After guitar I was happy enough to sing and dance my way
 around the musical map, ending each day with swing singing, led by Piper
 Heisig of the San Francisco group "Cats and Jammers." There in the dining
 room, punctuated with the arhythmic pot-banging of kitchen workers getting
 dinner together, we crooned oldies like "Slow Boat to China" and tried to
 put our own spin on "Satin Doll." Local friends Olaf Palm and Madge Strong
 kept up the rhythm section. 
 In between sessions I would move between locations to sample what I could
 not squeeze into my own schedule. Like a spectator at a many-ringed musical
 circus, I struggled to hold my focus on each happening. Moving from flamenco
 guitars to klezmer might require a schizoid brain shift but one I was quite
 willing to make. Inevitably I would linger at Slavko's Yugoslav session
 outside the dining hall. Mostly string players, they would be unsmilingly
 intent on the selection he had brought to work on-like last year's, a
 haunting melange of Slavic folk and classical styles, this one slated for a
 performance to benefit refugees from his homeland. Slavko was a Sarajevan.
 He felt and played his music deeply, and there was always a crowd standing
 nearby, eyes wet, seemingly stunned by the images his music aroused. 
 One of my sweetest nonmusical memories of camp was meeting Slavko's mother
 and wife in the dining hall. Overhearing them speaking what sounded like
 Croatian, I introduced myself in Czech-my own ancestral language-and we had
 fun comparing our common wordstock. Cynthia, his wife, was an American who
 learned Serbo-Croation in order to communicate with her mother-in-law, whom
 they had brought here a few years ago. After that, I noticed= them often
 around camp, Mama leaning heavily on Cynthia's arm, Cynthia translating in
 whispers what was being said or sung. Cynthia had confessed that first night
 I met her that mama had left her country reluctantly. "Why didn't you leave
 me there?" the elder had asked. Why indeed, I thought, even though I
 understand well the gut-wrenching ties an old woman would feel watching her
 world come to an end. All of this-the personal tragedy, the Slavic
 melancholy, the love for mama was caught up on Slavko's face as he directed
 his devoted little impromptu orchestra. 
 Every moment is a learning experience at Lark. For example, one can deduce
 from being there that the accordian is probably the most versatile
 instrument of all. ("Play an accordian and go to camp!" reads one of Lark's
 souvenir buttons.) Perhaps it qualifies for the most multicultural of
 instruments as well, cutting across all ethnic lines from Cajun to Greek to
 Argentine tango to French country to Slavic and around the world again. An
 accordian also can turn out totally hot jazz, I found out, especially in
 concert with jazz fiddle and bass. 
 What else did I learn from camp? The dumbek is really fun for unleashing
 timid drummers. Next year I will work it into my schedule. Maybe it will
 take the place of clogging which I found was harder on the legs than tap
 dancing. Food, I learned, though it plays second fiddle to the musical menu,
 is a major component of Lark camp's pleasures, not only because having it
 prepared for you gives you more time for music, but also because Lark food
 is uniformly great. (Baked salmon and tondoori chicken and vegetable lasagna
 were typical dinner fare.) And the setting-in amongst redwoods and firs,
 lush meadows and small streams that feed the Big River-ties all the
 pleasures together, sealing us off from the irrelevant busyness we were
 retreating from. 
 There's nothing quite like a week spent around people who don't talk about
 their day jobs. Not once can I remember anyone asking me what I did out in
 the real world. I liked that. We were there to make music, not to do P.R. or
 plumbing repair or professorial chitchat. Wherever we came from, and
 whatever tune we came to hum, we all sensed the shared humanity of our
 tunes. We were exhilirated, focussed, and leveled to our highest common
 denominator. Camp dust settled on us all equally. 
 I also liked what the guitar teacher (the one with enough patience to teach
 non threatening guitar) said when he talked about the place of music in his
 life. "We live in a society," he said, "that relies on things outside of
 ourselves for entertainment. Maybe we've forgotten how much fun it is to
 entertain ourselves." If we've forgotten, maybe it's Lark Camp that will
 remind us. 
 p.s. Here is a sampling of this year's whacko camp riddles (they get better
 every year). "What do you get when you play new age music backwards?"
 answer: new age music. "How do you know when a bagpipe is out of tune?"
 answer: when someone is blowing on it. "How do you know it's your lead
 singer knocking at the door?" answer: he always loses the key and comes in
 late. "What's the difference between an accordian and an uzi?" answer: an
 uzi stops after 20 rounds. Why do bagpipers walk while playing?" answer:
 It's harder to miss a moving target.
 
 
 Kevin Silva
 Vice President, Corporate Development
 Silvaris Corporation
 Tel: 206-328-0185

 www.silvaris.com
 
 
