
 
 
 detailed labor breakdowns for services provided by Elliott and NEPCO.  This 
 will identify labor hours and charges by: day, craft, individual, rate 
 classification if applicable (i.e., straight time, over time and double 
 time), etc.
 Support for overhead charges applicable to NEPCO's billing
 Support for other charges associated with Unit I claim not previously 
 identified (i.e., insurance for the repair period for Unit I)
 Detail and summaries of other NEPCO services provided but not associated with 
 Unit I repair/claim
 Letters or documentation in support of major scope differences
 
 Note: The detail related to the NEPCO charges will follow (by end of this 
 week). 
 
 In addition, I spoke with Grady James, the Doyle Facility Plant Manager, and 
 he indicated that the "System 700" documentation prepared by NEPCO was made 
 available to you at the site.  This documentation was provided along with the 
 Unit 1-3 refurbishment documentation.  Fortunately, this information 
 continues to be maintained at the site and is available for your review (at 
 the site) if you wish.  In regard to other documentation or notes, the 
 information forwarded by Russ Porter in early February should have satisfied 
 all previous requests.  If there is a specific request beyond what we have 
 already forwarded, we will respond accordingly.
 
 You also indicated in your e-mail a desire to directly contact 
 sub-contractors to discuss their scope of work.  As a result of 
 confidentiality provisions within the service agreements, I would request 
 that you indicate to me who you would like to contact and we will provide the 
 necessary waivers to those parties.   
 
 Last, we just received your e-mail (dated Friday, Feb. 23) related to FM 
 Global's current position.  Obviously we are disappointed that the two 
 parties are this far apart.  Can I assume that this position reflects 
 everything you characterized as outstanding in your e-mail (i.e., awaiting 
 signoff from Charlie McCorckle and others)?  I assume we will have questions 
 as we continue to review the material.  Should we forward those to you?  
 
 Please call me if you have any questions or comments on 713-853-9298.  
 Thanks, Ron.    
 
