
 
 The available transmision capacity (ATC) "derate" did occur and has occured 
 everydaysince about the 24th.  This fact was verified to me by our ISO 
 customer contact on Friday.  Although we do not have the E-mails anymore, the 
 ISO sends our traders E-mails everyday about the ATC on the ties, so this 
 information is verifiable with the ISO.  Our customer contact didn't know 
 exactly what day it had started and I have not wanted to pursue this more 
 with the ISO, not knowing whether we wanted our identity divulged.  The 
 reason for the zero rating is that the ISO is in a Stage 3 emergency.  The 
 line was again rated at zero today.  I have been pursuing the following 
 approaches to getting this issue investigated and resolved.  I've talked to 
 Scott Miller at FERC and to Eric Thode in Houston.  Eric believes he can get 
 the press to investigate and divulge this information for us in the trade 
 press.  So check the trade press tomorrow. 
 
 
 
 
 Paul Kaufman
 01/30/2001 02:41 PM


   
 I agree with Craig ... we need to be really, really careful about the earth 
 orbit issues identified below.   We shouldn't talk about the derating issue 
 unless we can:   (1) confirm the derating occurred and document it; (2) tie 
 the derating directly to action by the new board (i.e., determine that it 
 wasn't due to maintenance or some other physical occurence); (3) show a 
 direct impact on PNW prices that can't be easily explained in another way; 
 and (4) show a continuing pattern (in contrast to an isolated event).
 
 
 power sellers, generators, consumers, political leaders, etc.
 After the power emergencies began last summer, this board was criticized as
 too splintered and indecisive.  In a response to this perception and in an
 effort to impose greater control over the ISO, the California state
 legislature replaced the stakeholder board with a five-person board that
 serves at the request of the California Governor.
 
 QUESTION:  The Cal ISO has recently seen its management board changed from
 one with broad stakeholder representation to one appointed by the
 California Governor.  Given that California is a critical part of a larger
 western regional power market, how can we ensure that regional power needs
 are reflected in the decisions of the new state appointed Board?
 
 ANSWER:  We really can't.  Most of the time, the Board has a limited role.
 However, the "traffic controller" role becomes crucial when the power
 crunch comes.  Every market participant needs to be worried that, during
 times of real power emergencies, the Cal ISO Board will be too willing to
 shoot first and ask questions later.  Companies with firm transactions
 involving out-of-state entities may find their needs and commercial
 interests sacrificed to prevent local political problems.  Instead of
 robust, competitive regional markets, politicizing transmission decisions
 practically guarantees an increasingly balkanized market.
 
 
 
