
 
 
 
  UniPrime Capital Corporation Inc. (NQB:UPRC) announced today that it has signed a Letter of Intent (LOI) with Jessel Enterprises Inc. of Los Angeles for a partial interest in a wind park ground lease. 
 This ground lease, owned by Enron Wind Development Corp., a subsidiary of Enron Corp. (NYSE:ENE), represents in excess of 3,000 acres of prime natural land in the Tehachapi Valley, possessing an extremely high-quality wind source. The output at this particular location is rated at approximately 64 megawatts, and can service roughly 40,000 residential customers. Revenue generation from the Jessel Enterprises wind park is estimated to be $96 million per year.
 UniPrime Capital Corporation president and CEO Randy Russo stated, "We are very pleased to have this opportunity to assist in providing a clean, environmentally favored alternative power supply to California consumers, especially in view of the recent crisis condition that many west coast markets have been experiencing." 
 Additional information about this particular wind park project, and the industry in general, can be found at the American Wind Energy Association's website at http://www.awea.org. UniPrime Capital Corporation is a publicly traded investment holding company trading under the symbol UPRC. 
 
 Statements contained in this document that are not historical in nature are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause future results to differ materially from those set forth in such forward-looking statements. UniPrime Capital Corporation undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof. Such risks and uncertainties with respect to UniPrime Capital Corporation include, but are not limited to, its ability to successfully implement internal performance goals, performance issues with suppliers, regulatory issues, competition, the effect of weather, exposure to environmental issues and liabilities, variations in material costs and general and specific economic conditions.