
 
 Power Hogs May Get Hit In Pocketbook 
 Davis favors tiered rate increases 
 David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer
 Sunday, March 25, 2001 
 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
 URL: 
 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/25/M
 N30195.DTL 
 Gov. Gray Davis, faced with the near inevitability of raising consumers' 
 electricity bills, is leaning toward a rate system whereby those who use more 
 power pay more than those who conserve, The Chronicle has learned. 
 Sources close to the governor said he is being lobbied by his own staff 
 members to accept a so-called structured rate system. 
 Top officials from his own administration told lawmakers Friday that the 
 state may end up spending more than twice the $10 billion previously 
 estimated to purchase power on behalf of California's near-bankrupt 
 utilities. 
 If so, the officials warned that consumers' electricity rates could double. 
 In the case of Pacific Gas and Electric Co., this would mean customers' 
 average monthly power bills would rise from $60 to $120. 
 Consumers throughout the Bay Area believe that at least some increase is on 
 the way. 
 "We're going to have to bite the bullet and pay the money," said Larry 
 Webster, a retired Caltrans worker in Redwood City. "We might as well admit 
 that electricity is no longer a nickel. It's a dime. If you're going to use 
 it, 
 let's pay for it." 
 Steve Maviglio, a spokesman for the governor, distanced himself yesterday 
 from estimates that rates would double. The figures reported in the press, he 
 said, "were wildly high." 
 "The governor still believes he can live within the existing rate structure, 
 " Maviglio said. "Until we know the results of the negotiations with the 
 utilities, you can't conclude anything." 
 The state is negotiating a multibillion-dollar bailout package with PG&E and 
 Southern California Edison Co. to relieve the utilities of about $13 billion 
 in debt. 
 PG&E and Edison have been saying for months that there is no way California 
 can overcome its current energy woes without higher rates. The irony of the 
 Davis administration now saying the same thing was not lost on the two 
 companies. 
 "The state is in the exact same position the utilities were in last fall," 
 said John Nelson, a PG&E spokesman. "Either wholesale prices need to come 
 down or retail prices need to go up. The disparity is too large." 
 Statewide blackouts last week drove home the precariousness of California's 
 energy situation to ratepayers  a move seen as vital if blackouts are to be avoided this summer. 
 "It's intellectually dishonest to think there's any other way out of this," 
 Higgins said. 
 Consumer activists' initial reaction to any talk of a rate increase comes 
 across loud and clear: No, no, no. 
 "No bailout. No rate increases. No secret deals," said Harvey Rosenfield, 
 head of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights in Santa Monica. "We 
 need to get back to a regulated system." 
 Rosenfield is the biggest fly in the governor's ointment. He has threatened 
 to push through a ballot initiative re-regulating California's power market 
 if Davis cannot find a consumer-friendly way out of the current fix. 
 Because of Rosenfield's past success in writing a ballot measure on insurance 
 rebates, which delivered about $800 million to consumers, his threat is taken 
 seriously in Sacramento. 
 "We've paid too much already," Rosenfield said. "A fair price is what we were 
 promised by deregulation, which was a 20 percent rate decrease." 
 However, when he was asked whether there was any room to discuss a structured 
 rate increase such as the idea being promoted by the governor's staff, 
 Rosenfield toned down his characteristic rhetoric. 
 "Big users should pay more," he said after a moment's reflection. "I'm open 
 to a tiered system but only if it's fair." 
 Rosenfield quickly added that he would have to see how other consumer 
 advocates felt about the matter before agreeing to negotiate such things with 
 Davis. 
 MOVE TOWARD STRUCTURED RATES
 Clearly, though, momentum is building toward a system of structured power 
 rates, which probably would include increases of varying sizes for consumers. 
 The California Public Utilities Commission is scheduled to address January's 
 9 percent rate increase on Tuesday. That increase originally was given only a 
 three-month duration, but most observers expect it to be renewed for at least 
 another three months, if not longer. 
 PUC President Loretta Lynch declined to comment on the likelihood of rates 
 going up but added her voice to those backing a structured system. 
 "I am a fan of restructuring rates to exempt conservation," she said. "People 
 who use a whole lot of power should pay more." 
 The biggest electricity customer in the state is the state itself, now that 
 California is purchasing power on behalf of its cash-poor utilities. The 
 state already has spent about $4 billion buying electricity and has yet to 
 determine how the cash will be recouped from consumers. 
 San Francisco resident Rosita Magee accepts that for California to find its 
 energy footing once more, rates will probably be heading up. "That way, you 
 have more convenience and electricity, more stability," she said. 
 But Magee has come up with another solution, one that doesn't involve rate 
 increases and rolling blackouts. 
 She's moving to Texas. 
 Chronicle staff writers Matthew Stannard and Pia Sarkar contributed to this 

 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 