
 
 My techie pals showed me the feature on Enron in the most recent version of 
 eCompany.  What a great feature.  Congratulations.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 
 	Karen Denne
 	02/09/2001 09:12 AM
 		 

 		  		  
 This is in today's online "Future Boy" column in eCompany Now  sorry, dropping the "s" does not count
 as an original thought.
 
 Anyway, Enron's soon-to-be CEO, and Busy Week cover boy, Jeff
 Skilling stopped by our San Francisco office Wednesday. And one of
 the things that really stood out from the conversation (after I
 just barely beat him at a game of foosball) is that he is
 particularly gloomy on the economy's prospects. Not a good sign
 coming from the guy who runs one of the 20 largest companies in
 America (Enron's 2000 revenues totaled $101 billion). "I think we
 are headed for a recession," he says. "Look at credit spreads for
 companies. You can't get money. That says the marketplace expects
 big defaults." If companies can't get money, Skilling reasons,
 "what you will see is a big slowdown in the deployment of
 technology." And he does not think this slowdown is a mere
 inventory correction that will pass in a couple of quarters. The
 situation reminds him of the bust in the oil and gas industries
 during the 1980s, which followed a similar boom in capital spending
 to produce more oil. "It took decades to chew through all that
 extra capacity," he remembers. This time, the capital spending has
 been on routers, servers, and telecom equipment. And the companies
 who make that Internet plumbing may not have seen the worst of it
 yet. "All of these guys are going to hit the wall," predicts
 Skilling. The smart thing to do would be to cut back production to
 match lowered demand. But the danger is that, just like the oil and
 gas companies of yesteryear, "instead of producing less, they will
 produce more to keep their creditors at bay. And it will feed on
 itself."
 
 Skilling also fears that there is little the government can do.
 "Even if the Fed continues to lower interest rates, that only
 decreases the cost of good credit. The spreads on bad credit [i.e.,
 the kind most companies need to purchase more Internet equipment]
 continue to rise. And tax cuts go to consumers' pockets. The one
 thing that could help is if the government changes the depreciation
 rates it allows companies to recognize for capital equipment."
 Washington, are you listening?
 
 
 
 
 
 
