
 
 See last story attached.  Congratulations, it looks like you are shaking 
 things up in typical Enron fashion.
 as any one would. But historically, they don't honor the 
 deals." 
 		In a down market, he explained, customers demand lower prices. Noncompliance 
 can result in orders, but no releases, and a "don't call us, we'll call you" 
 attitude from customers. The consequence for service centers, he said, are 
 price reductions on the way down and on the way up. "If Enron brings 
 integrity to both sides of this market," he concluded, "that would be a very 
 big plus for the steel industry."
 		But integrity, another Midwest service center exec countered, has got nothing 
 to do with it. In his estimation, Enron is like a profiteering carpetbagger, 
 "trying to make a buck in between the producer and the user. That's all we 
 need right now," he declared, "somebody trying to squeeze out a few more 
 dollars." But, he recognized, "we're all going to have to deal with it."
 		Don McNeeley, president and CEO of Chicago Tube & Iron, indicated that some 
 good could come of a heavy-hitter like Enron introducing new ideas into the 
 industry, but acknowledged that people might be offended by somebody picking 
 the so-called "low-hanging fruit" of the steel market in the current economy. 
 "What do you think the mills are going to do when you come to them for just 
 the peripheral items?" he queried. "My concern would be that the price would 
 go up on [those items]."
 		McNeeley also questioned the wisdom of distributors relinquishing control of 
 their inventories. "In distribution, 60 percent of our net worth is 
 inventory, 30 percent is accounts receivable, and 10 percent is plant 
 property and equipment," he related. "Our single largest asset is our 
 inventory. If a distribution company surrenders control of its inventory to a 
 third party, does not that distributor, in effect, surrender its own 
 sovereignty?"
 		Only just begun
 Questions abound regarding Enron's role as a physical supplier of steel as 
 well. As one Minnesota-based service center exec put it, "are they ready to 
 deal with problems?"
 		Although Enron has expressed interest in being a physical supplier, Dave 
 Lerman explained, "I think that's going to be a lot more difficult to 
 implement." Enron would have to consider specific qualities, coil sizes, 
 nuances of chemistry, surface quality, and formability. "Most customers 
 require better than standard tolerances," he pointed out. "These are all 
 issues that might complicate commodity sales."
 		Delivery is another issue. As a physical supplier, Enron has virtually 
 guaranteed just-in-time delivery, but as one service center source said, "the 
 guarantee is good when the material shows up at my door. What happens if it 
 doesn't show up? I disappoint a customer. What good does it do to sue [Enron] 
 if I've lost a customer?"
 		Mill executives have questioned whether Enron is a potential competitor. 
 "They see Enron as someone likely to buy foreign steel in order to deliver it 
 to a U.S. customer," said Chuck Bradford, principal of Bradford Research and 
 a long-time industry observer. He cautioned against seeing Enron as too much 
 of a physical supplier, speculating that the future of Enron, similar to the 
 LME, will be in hedging. "You may see some [physical transactions] to start 
 with," Bradford predicted, "just to get the ball rolling. But I don't see 
 that as the way the market will develop."
 		McMahon has been consistent in saying that Enron has little interest in 
 becoming a steel manufacturer. The real value, he said, is in a transparent, 
 liquid market. "We know the products work, we know the market wants them. Can 
 any one particular mill or mills prevent that? We don't think so," he said. 
 "It's not an 'if', it's a 'when'."
 		The jury is still out on just how soon that "when" will come, and what those 
 effects will be for the steel industry. And for all of the debate surrounding 
 the issue, it seems a bit soon to be hitting the panic button. As Don 
 McNeeley recounted, "I can recall similar controversy over a speech a guy 
 gave about 15-17 years ago. That guy's name was Ken Iverson, and he had this 
 concept called a mini-mill. Look at it now."
 		
 
