
 
 PUC considers rewarding producers that sign long-term contracts 
 Greg Lucas, Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau
 Wednesday, March 21, 2001 
 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
 URL: 
 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/21/M
 N33580.DTL 
 Sacramento  offers the generators a choice of agreeing to a five-year contract 
 at $79 per megawatt or a 10-year deal at $69 per megawatt, Davis said. 
 The order does not address the more than $1 billion already owed to the more 
 than 600 alternative energy producers around the state. Davis said to favor 
 one creditor over another in past debt could bring on bankruptcy proceedings 
 from other creditors. 
 The Legislature would also need to act to make the order work. 
 "It is critical to keep these facilities up and online," said Sen. Debra 
 Bowen, D-Marina del Ray, who estimates that Edison has $1.5 billion in cash 
 on hand, and PG&E $2.5 billion. "The utilities owe it to the people of the 
 state to pay them." 
 Edison said yesterday that it opposed any attempt to place alternative 
 producers ahead of their other creditors. 
 But Tom Higgins, a senior vice president for Edison International, which owes 
 alternative producers some $835 million, said his company was talking to the 
 governor's office about possible payment structures. 
 Alternative energy producers, particularly those that use high-priced natural 
 gas to fire their generators, say that without an immediate infusion of cash 
 they must close their plants. 
 "We've been obsessed with the health of the utilities and (have) forgotten 
 the health of everyone else," said V. John White, legislative director of the 
 Clean Power Campaign, which lobbies for alternative energy producers. 
 CalEnergy Operating Corp., which operates eight geothermal plants in the 
 Imperial Valley producing 268 megawatt hours for Edison has sued the utility 
 asking to be paid and to be temporarily released from their contract with 
 Edison which has paid them nothing since November. 
 CalEnergy has a court hearing tomorrow on its Edison contract. Edison owes 
 the company $75 million, and the debt increases by $1 million a day. 
 "We've lived up to our end of the bargain but Edison hasn't. We're now not in 
 a position to make a property tax payment on April 10 and we're the largest 
 employer in the county," said Vince Signorotti, CalEnergy's property manager. 
 Unlike Edison, PG&E is paying its creditors 15 cents on the dollar. 
 "We have offered over the past five days to prepay for future power not yet 
 delivered to keep as many of them operating as possible, but the state needs 
 to decide how its going to divvy up the limited money under the frozen 
 rates," said John Nelson, a PG&E spokesman. 
 The PUC's sudden attempt to recast the rates paid to alternative generators 
 comes after several months of inaction, partly a result of waiting for 
 legislative negotiations on the issue to conclude. Those negotiations 
 eventually failed to move forward. 


 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 10 