
 
 David - I already apprised Whalley of this issue. He is thinking about it. Rick
  
    Cc: Nordstrom, Mary; Sayre, Frank 
  Sheila - I tried to clarify it a bit more, so take a look at this instead of the version in the policy you received this morning.  Do you think we need to review w/Gary?  I think he told me his management had approved his traders trading for their own account, the same things they trade for Enron. I may have misunderstood.  But per extensive discussion on that subject with Legal, Compliance, Ted Murphy, etc., this is not what our policy has been to date, and per review of best practices at the big trading houses, our new policy will not permit this either.  Just wanted to make sure we're all on the same page.
 (1st paragraph is the key - the rest is restricted list, etc.)
 Thanks,
 Cassandra.
 7.2 Employee Trading
 No employee of the Company may engage in the trading of any position for the benefit of any party other than the Company, whether for their own account or for the account of any third party, where such position relates to any security, commodity, contract or derivative thereof within any Commodity Group listed in Appendix A.  The only exception to this restriction is that employees may trade those items within the Commodity Groups listed under the heading "Financials" in Appendix A, if those items do not fall within such employee's responsibility at the Company.
 Periodically, certain employees, their family members and anybody that is financially dependent on those employees, may also be restricted from trading specific securities and derivatives thereof.   In addition to these trading restrictions, if any employee should at any time possess non-public information about any public company, that employee, the employee's family members and anybody that is financially dependent on that employee, shall be restricted from trading in that issue, and that employee may not disclose the non-public material information to anyone that does not have a business need to know.  
 Employees must seek dispensation from the Risk Management Committee for any exception to these requirements.  In no case should employees' personal trading conflict with the Company's trading initiatives. Employee with questions regarding employee trading and investing should contact the Company's Compliance department.