
 
 Duke Energy, Environmentalists Strike Deal over California Plant 
 Tom Knudson 
 
 May. 16, 2001 
 Knight Ridder Tribune Business News - KRTBN 
 Copyright (C) 2001 KRTBN Knight Ridder Tribune Business News; Source: World 
 Reporter (TM) 
 
 Days after state regulators gave Duke Energy the go-ahead to expand its Moss 
 Landing Power Plant near Monterey Bay last fall, documents show four 
 environmental groups made their own deal with the utility giant. The four 
 signed an agreement not to "participate in any lawsuit (or) regulatory 
 challenge" that might slow or stop the project in exchange for a financial 
 concession: $1 million from Duke for environmental "monitoring and research." 
 
 Balancing power generation and environmental protection always has been 
 difficult. But today, as power-starved California scrambles to find and 
 permit new energy sources, some fear the Moss Landing agreement shows that 
 money can sway even environmentalists  called the 
 recipients of Duke's payments a "shopping list" of government agencies, 
 environmental groups and civic organizations. She was particularly critical 
 of the $1 million deal with environmental groups.
 
 "You know what bothers me?" Clark said. "Environmental groups get tons of 
 donations. Their purpose is to protect and defend the environment. If a big 
 corporation like Duke can come in and buy them off, I have a real problem 
 with that."
 
 Construction began in November on Duke's project to add 1,060 megawatts of 
 natural gas-fired electrical capacity to the Moss Landing plant, purchased 
 from PG&E in 1998.
 
 If the expansion is finished next year, as scheduled, it would account for 
 more than 30 percent of all new generation in California in 2002.
 
 "This is a big deal," said Williams, the Duke spokesman. "It will be the 
 largest plant in California. If that plant is delayed a month or two, we lose 
 the summer of 2002. And that affects not only Duke Energy, but the state of 
 California."
 
 Opponents say it's not the power they oppose, but the plant's cooling system, 
 which will pump about 1.2 billion gallons of seawater each day from Moss 
 Landing Harbor. Such pumping, they say, will degrade Elkhorn Slough. They 
 argue for an alternative cooling system, such as towers that re-circulate 
 water.
 
 "Basically, what that plant will do is take 25 percent of the volume of the 
 harbor and slough, run it through a pipe and dump it back into the ocean with 
 much of the marine life cooked and dead," said Steve Shimek, executive 
 director of the Otter Project.
 
 For Shimek and other environmentalists, scientific studies commissioned by 
 Duke during the permitting process left key questions unanswered about the 
 plant's impact on the environment.
 
 "There was no scientific evidence that would literally point to Duke causing 
 harm to the environment," said Vicki Nichols, executive director of Save Our 
 Shores. "We felt we didn't have strong standing to sue."
 
 Instead, the environmentalists began negotiating with Duke for financial 
 payments for studies of environmental impacts of the modernization project.
 
 The process "gave me tremendous pause and great concern," Nichols said. "I 
 knew there was going to be some perception that we were doing the wrong 
 thing."
 
 She was right.
 
 "As far as I'm concerned, with the price-gouging going on by the energy 
 wholesalers, they are just receiving stolen goods," said Clark, of the 
 citizens group.
 
 Her skepticism was sharpened by the recent disclosure that Duke Energy 
 approached Gov. Gray Davis with a secret deal offering financial concessions 
 if the state dropped lawsuits and investigations into the power generator.
 
 Chabot, with the Center for Marine Conservation, discouraged any comparison 
 between the two offers, calling it "grossly unfair and inaccurate."
 
 Regardless of what was intended with the payments, Nielson said they stain 
 the process. "It is so destructive in terms of making everyone cynical," she 
 said.
 
 Shimek took a different view. "We convinced Duke to spend $1 million toward 
 monitoring that, frankly, five years from now could very well come back to 
 haunt them," he said.
 
 "Did we do the right thing? I have no idea. Did we try our best? Yes, we 
 did." 
