
 
 When is the MISO set to go commercial?
 
  

    Importance:	High
 
 
 VIA EMAIL 
 Friday June 29, 2001
 The following  letter was sent today to the Midwest ISO Transmission Owners:
  
 As we  move into the Market Trials period, I would like to reiterate how much the  Midwest ISO appreciates your support of our ongoing activities. 
 To facilitate your participation in Market  Trials, we are providing two types of informative, interactive orientation  sessions.  One covers the  Electronic Scheduling Process and the other provides an overall Market  Trials Orientation.  These  sessions are designed to provide an essential overview of the drills, scenarios  and reviews necessary for your people to actively participate in the Market  Trials.
 The Electronic Scheduling Process  session is available on three different dates in July and the overall Market  Trials Orientation session is offered on two different dates.  Because of the interactive nature of  these sessions the class size must be limited. Ideally, we would prefer no more  than two participants from each company. Please select the individual(s) from  your company who will attend these sessions, and forward the attached  registration brochure to them.   Please advise me if your needs exceed the requested attendance guideline  of two people per company. We will make every effort to accommodate your  request.
 We recognize that asking you to sustain a  steady commitment of time, resources and manpower is an exacting demand.  Your confidence that your Market Trials  participants gain as much knowledge about the Midwest ISO's operational  abilities is equally important to us.
 We are grateful for your continued support  of the Midwest ISO and look forward to working with you during the Market Trials  period. 
  
 Sincerely,
  [IMAGE]
 James  . Torgerson
 President and  CEO
 The Midwest  ISO
  
  
  - orientation registration 3.pdf << File: orientation registration 3.pdf >> 
  - clip_image002.jpg << File: clip_image002.jpg >> 