
 
 NEWSMAKER PROFILE 
 Dennis Montali 
 Bankruptcy Judge Faces Challenge of His Career 
 Well-known expert in complex cases 
 Harriet Chiang, Chronicle Legal Affairs Writer
 Saturday, April 7, 2001 
 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
 URL: 
 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/04/07/M
 N180032.DTL 
 A veteran federal bankruptcy judge in San Francisco now is calling the shots 
 in California's long, drawn-out power crisis. 
 Judge Dennis Montali has spent eight years helping financially ailing dot- 
 coms, consumers and corporations get back on their financial feet. Now he is 
 about to take on the biggest case of his career, and lawyers say that he is 
 relishing the challenge. 
 "He's one of the best judges in the country," said Lawrence Goldberg, a San 
 Francisco bankruptcy lawyer with Goldberg, Stinnett, Meyers & Davis. "He 
 loves his job and he loves this kind of combat when lawyers come to court." 
 Montali, 60, has built a reputation as a hard-working, enthusiastic judge who 
 often knows the facts of a case better than the lawyers. He is a scholar of 
 bankruptcy law, having lectured and written law review articles. The more 
 complicated the case, lawyers say, the more energized he becomes. 
 On a personal level, he can strike the fine balance between the demands of 
 the commercial world and the plight of the consumer trying to overcome a 
 mountain of credit card debts, lawyers say. 
 "He's an excellent draw for the case," said bankruptcy lawyer Shawn 
 Christianson, with Buchalter, Nemer, Fields & Younger. She said that Montali 
 has a combination of pragmatism, intellect and experience that will help him 
 understand the problems of all those involved in this statewide crisis. 
 Tall and lanky with a handle-bar mustache, Montali is a native of the Bay 
 Area. Born in San Francisco, his father worked as a liquor distributor and 
 later founded Montali Winery  has increased the risks to the state's otherwise strong 
 fiscal and economic condition." 
 Moody's is the second bond-rating agency to warn that it might downgrade the 
 state's credit rating because of the power crisis. 
 In January, Standard & Poor's put the state's credit rating, currently AA, on 
 "CreditWatch" with negative implications. 
 Net Worth runs Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays. E-mail Kathleen Pender at 

 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page D - 1