
 
 
 
 
    Congress & Bush Administration Are Urged To Support Research For
      New Technologies In Electricity Generation and Distribution
 
 Leading energy associations and Fortune 500 companies have delivered a
 letter to Capitol Hill appropriations committees proposing that the U.S.
 Department of Energy create a $320 million National Energy Reliability
 Initiative for the 2002 fiscal year, specifically focused on the energy
 needs of the high-tech industry. The more than 20 prominent businesses and
 trade groups that signed the letter are urging U.S. House and Senate
 leaders, as well as the Bush Administration, to establish the federal
 initiative as a channel for public-private research in new energy
 technologies, including distributed generation and end-use improvements.
 
 The proposed National Energy Reliability Initiative program budget, along
 with a letter addressed to Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, can be viewed
 at http://www.hi-availability.com/news.htm.
 
 According to National Energy Reliability Initiative supporters, power
 outages cost the nation nearly $50 billion annually. They back calls that
 the U.S. Department of Energy should support research, development and
 deployment of innovative energy systems so that America's information-based
 industries can remain competitive in the global economy.
 
 "High-tech businesses face tremendous financial risk from outages and
 brownouts because power fluctuations of only a few microseconds can bring
 computers and other sensitive systems to a crashing halt," says Patrick
 Hanley, president and CEO of Sure Power Corporation, a developer of next
 generation power systems and one of the more than 20 firms backing the
 letter.
 
 "As recent events in California have demonstrated, the nation's existing
 infrastructure cannot adequately meet the New Economy's need for high
 amounts of reliable, computer-grade electricity," Hanley notes.
 
 About Sure Power Corporation
 
 Sure Power Corporation, a privately-held company located in Danbury, Conn.,
 delivers computer-grade electricity at "six 9s" availability and better,
 exceeding the highest availability levels required for mainframe computers
 and high-end servers. Its distributed generation systems are at the
 forefront of the onsite power industry. Spencer Trask, a New York City
 venture capital firm, owns a minority stake in the company. With Sure
 Power's high availability power systems, users realize substantially
 increased uptime, allowing for higher revenues and fewer unexpected losses.
 Sure Power has partnerships with both High-Point Rendel and R.W. Beck in the
 construction, planning and design of its systems. More information about
 Sure Power Corporation can be found at www.hi-availability.com.
 
 
 
     CONTACT: Sure Power Corporation
              Art Mannion, (203) 790-8996

                 OR
              Sterling Hager, Inc.
              Jon Rucket, (617) 926-6665 ext. 369

 
     
 
 
