
 
 Matt,
 
 The only people that can have full view and edit capability are Legal and 
 Credit (for legal/client confidentiality purposes).  Attached is the icon, 
 which is just a shortcut link to the database and you can send that link to 
 any Enron employee and they will have view access to all the information in 
 the database except the legal and credit comments.  I will make a request to 
 add the legal and credit people to get edit capability.  I think Denis 
 O'Connell already had edit access, send him the link and let me know if he 
 has edit access.  (you can just copy this link and add it to emails to 
 people, however, I'm a little afraid it might not work from London, because 
 it is just a shortcut, if it doesn't, you might need your computer people to 
 create a shortcut link for y'all, let me know).
 
 Link 
 
 
 Edmund Cooper
 09/05/2001 19:15

  
  
 Matt,
 
 Back office should have access to insert confirmations comments.  Yumi Takei 
 needs to be on the back office list (not the lawyers list) - Gail Hill and 
 Carol Findlay also need to be added; you should also ask ask them whether any 
 other back office staff need access to add coments.
 
 Credit need to have edit access for inserting credit comments. 
 
 Add Denis O'Connell and Paul Johnson to the lawyers list.
 
 Note that I am the only person in London with delete capability.
 
 Thanks, Edmund
 
 
 
 
 Matthew Dawson
 05/09/2001 06:23 PM


 
  
 Hi Tana-as discussed, here are the names of folks who need access to the swap 
 agreements database (please forgive me if some included already have access.)
  Janet Wood, Michael Slade , Ian Brungs, Robert Quick, Justin Boyd, Michael 
 Schuh, Martin Rosell, Yumi Takei, Mark Elliot,   Rahaul Saxena, Adam Duguid, 
 Paul Simons, Marcus Von Bock
 
 Read only access- Debbie Nicolls, William Morely , Chris Sloan, Diana 
 Higgins, Hamish Skutt, Lindsay Edmunds, Rod Nelson, Anna Reich, Paul Maley, 
 Minna Tapponen, Oliver Harrison.
 
 Thanks for arranging and if you need any more info please let me know.
 
 
 Ed- Is there anyone else who you think we should include?
 
 
 
 
 
 
