
 
 Lexi,
  
 Looks great.
  
 Vince
 
 

   Cc: Kaminski, Vince J; Lemmons Jr., Billy; Elliott, Lexi
  Finance Class and Subsequent Enron Reception
 
 
 Shirley:
 
 >Hope all is well with you and you are surviving the "hot" summer.
 Greetings.  Not to worry:  I like heat and thaw out in the '90's.
 
 >I am forwarding a message from Lexi Elliott with our Associate/Analyst
 >program.  She suggests
 >that Vince come to the university on September 10 or 17th so that his
 >presentation coincides
 >with their calendar.  Is this feasible from your stand point?
 Sep. 10th is indeed feasible.
 
 I scheduled the invitation dates of 9/24 - 10/17 to give me time to make
 progress in my class presentations so that students would have more of a
 background in listening to Vince's presentation.  If select the 9/10 date,
 I would ask Vince to take into account in the level of his presentation
 that by that date the students will only have had 6 hrs. of the Foundations
 of Energy Finance class (classes begin 8/29 and Labor Day intervenes).  On
 the plus side, the students do come in with three finance courses (core
 course, investments, advanced corporate) as prerequisites to my class.
 
 In sum, I appreciate the importance of recruiting and can accommodate
 Vince's presentation Sep. 10th.  Please advise if Vince would like the 2
 1/2 hr. (2 to 5 p.m., including breaks) time slot, or the 75-min. subset
 thereof.
 
 >Perhaps we could arrange lunch or dinner the day of the presentation
 >for yourself and our 5 summer associate interns.  That way, we are
 >making the most of your time in Austin.
 I had planned on hosting Vince for lunch with my faculty colleagues.  If
 his presence is called for at a lunch scheduled by your Associate/Analyst
 Program, we will plan his schedule around that.  By this e-mail I also
 inquire of Lexi whether Enron intends to host a reception at the 5 p.m. end
 of the class:  If so, she should contact Energy Finance Center Assist.

 coordinate matters.
 
 Sincerely,
 Ehud Ronn
 
 
 
