
 
 Grant,  
  Sorry for the delay in responding to your additional inquiries.
  7. Re 4.2(iv)(b) - I would propose the clause to read:  "(b) file a petition 
 or otherwise commence, authorize or acquiesce in the commencement of a 
 proceeding or cause under any bankruptcy or similar law of the protection of 
 creditors, or have such petition filed against it and such proceeding remains 
 undismissed for 30 Days, provided if a petition is filed against the Affected 
 Party and the  Affected Party is actively pursuing all steps to have such 
 proceeding dismissed and provides the other party with reasonable 
 documentation supporting its actions to cause such proceeding to be 
 dismissed, then such Affected Party shall have an additional 30 Days to 
 effectuate such dismissal,"
  8.  Re 4.2 (v) and 4.2 (vi) -  "20 or more Gas Days" is acceptable.
  13. I will change the definition of "Act" as you suggest.
  21. I propose that language be added whereby the parties shall first attempt 
 to settle the matters to be resolved by the use of binding Arbitration by 
 mon-binding mediation and if that does not resolve the issue to the 
 satisfaction of the parties, such matter shall thereafter be resolved by the 
 use of binding Arbitration.  Is this an acceptable resolution?
  22. We cannot agree to any list of parties who are authorized to enter into 
 transactions under the contract.  Our position is that whoever answers the 
 trading phone during trading hours is authorized to bind the company.  
 However, we will provide the City with an initial contact list of the people 
 on the trading floor whom the city can contact as of the date the contract is 
 signed; however, the persons who are authorized to enter into a transaction 
 with the city will not be limited to the initial contact list.  Of course, 
 the city could always attempt to contact someone on the initial contact 
 list.  Will an initial contact list be acceptable?  
 
 Please let me have your thoughts concerning the above.  
           Dan.   
 
 
 

 	03/16/2001 05:09 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 
 Dan, please accept my apologies for replying so late.  I was out of town
 again, and am back at trying to complete 5+ days of work within 3 days.
 
 Thanks for accepting a lot of our requests.  Let me follow up with a couple
 of additional inquiries.
 
 7.  Re 4.2(iv), please suggest language as you've indicated in sentence 2.
 Anything along the lines you've proposed likely will be agreeable.
 
 8.  Re 4.2(v) and (vi).  How about 20 days?
 
 13. Definition of "Act."  I suggest you refer to Article 11, sections 5 and
 9 of the California Constitution, to be more specific.  Section 3 is not
 regularly cited as the line of authority to the best of my knowledge, though
 I can see how the language could lead  one to cite it.
 
 21.  In California, the concept of binding mediation is not recognized, if I
 have understood our outside counsel at prior mediations in which I've
 participated.  Mediation is non-binding.  As a practical matter, it can cost
 almost as much in terms of time, money and effort to proceed to mediation,
 but the "rules of engagement" are not as tight as are found in arbitration.
 We avoid the rigid procedures.  I believe Enron should consider this
 approach at times.  Having gone through a couple, I would not recommend to
 my client that we would proceed any further once the mediator makes a
 proposal that's acceptable to the parties.  The cost of arbitration is not
 worth it.  That's why we in California tend to prefer mediation to
 arbitration.
 
 22.  I have to insist on behalf of my client that we assemble some list.
 Surely, Enron can submit a list of people that will be initially approved to
 engage in authorized transactions.  We can do the same.  We've had an
 unfavorable experience with another Texas-based
 energy company regarding the scope of its representative's authority.  We
 don't want to litigate the issue of due authority.  That list would help
 It's not a matter of the city claiming the authority to back out of the
 contract, because someone arguably didn't have the authority.  There are a
 ton of cases which would make it extremely difficult to make that claim.
 
 Thanks.  Grant.
   


             

                Agreement
 
              << File: 2001-002ctr.doc >>
             (See attached file: 2001-002ctr.doc)
 
             Grant,
                  I have incorporated the language you provided
 to me in
   the attached
             document.  I have been informed by the Corporate
 Secretary's
   office that
             they will issue a Certificate of Incumbency
 showing that the
   person
             executing the contract for ENA is authorized to
 execute
   contracts for ENA.
             No other party signs as to form or terms, however,
 the
   officer executing
             for ENA will require that the deal person and I
 initial on
   the line next to
             his signature.  I have reviewed the proposed draft
   resolution.  ENA will
             accept the enacted resolution and will not require
 that the
   City Attorney
             issue an opinion.  If the attached contract is
 acceptable,
   please print off
             2 originals, have them approved, signed and
 forward to me
   for ENA's
             approval and signature.  Once the contract is
 fully
   executed, I will return
             one fully executed original to you for the City's
 file.
 
   (See attached file: 0071988 RESO Enron.doc)
   
