
 
 I feel awful about that but the suppliers have not wanted to let the utility stick to a 
 normal payment arrangement because of the severe credit-rating decline in the 
 past weeks. 
 The CPUC met in San Francisco late Wednesday afternoon in the midst of a 
 whirlwind day of public announcements from the governor, state legislature, 
 consumer groups, regulators and utilities. A key piece was missing, however. 
 California state legislative leaders called off a morning briefing that was 
 to have offered the latest legislative proposals for dealing with the energy 
 crisis. Reportedly sticking points remain centered on the key questions of 
 who pays for the solutions and how deeply the state gets into the energy 
 business. A spokesman for the assembly speaker's office said he had no idea 
 when the briefing would be re-scheduled. 
 One piece of legislation that got through the state Senate (SB 1X) yesterday 
 authorizes another $500 million in emergency funds to purchase power. It also 
 would allow the state water resources department to be the utilities' 
 wholesale power supplier under long-term contracts at least through 2002. The 
 measure drew a protest from CPUC Commissioner Richard Bilas, who argued that 
 the state agency be "removed from that role as quickly as possible." The 
 bill, which was first passed by the state Assembly, was returned to assembly 
 committees last night to iron out changes made in the senate. It then would 
 have to be ratified again by the Assembly. 
 Meanwhile, consumer activists held rallies around the state protesting the 
 state bail-out of the private-sector utilities. This prompted at least one of 
 the utilities, Southern California Edison, to come out swinging, saying that 
 the recently released results of utility financial audits do not show any 
 "windfall profits" or diversion of monies from the utilities to the parent 
 company. 
 A letter surfaced in Washington from Gov. Gray Davis to the Senate Energy and 
 Natural Resources Committee, dated Jan. 30 and outlining measures the state 
 is taking to increase energy supply and decrease demand, sign long-term 
 contracts and maintain the financial viability of the state's public 
 utilities. The letter, a catalogue of recent initiatives already reported 
 here, contained no specifics on any long-term contracts nor legislation 
 signed that would address the immediate problem. Davis outlined measures 
 being taken to speed up siting of new power plants, saying an additional 
 2,000 MW would be online by the end of the year. 
 Responding to questions on another arena, Edison International's senior vice 
 president Tom Higgins said "everything is on the table" in the ongoing 
 negotiations between Davis' three-person negotiating team and the two 
 utilities, including dropping the pending lawsuit in federal court in Los 
 Angeles and crediting excess revenues from the utilities' own generation 
 against the whopping wholesale power cost under-collections. 
 The state remained under a power watch for the 16th day as the California 
 independent grid operator (Cal-ISO) urged conservation because "reserves 
 remain very low." 
 
 
 
 
 
