
 
 Greetings:
 Let's talk more about ENA's position on Kern.  And I'll fill you in on Gas 
 Accord extension.  It's been on-again-off-again with PG&E.  I can give them a 
 ring and find out what the latest is.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 
 	Stephanie Miller
 	04/10/2001 10:55 AM
 		 

 		  		  
 
  and more 
 importantly, that they will cause no further harm." 
 The Commission majority, however, readily dismissed protests of Pacific Gas 
 and Electric (PG&E), Southern California Gas and other California customers, 
 that claim the Kern River expansion would degrade service to existing 
 customers. They requested that existing customers be given priority over 
 expansion shippers. 
 "We conclude that the California Action Project will not have undue negative 
 impacts on existing shippers or competing pripelines," the order said 
 [CP01-106. For starters, "the record does not show that pro-rata allocations 
 of primary firm capacity have been a problem at Wheeler Ridge." Kern River 
 reports that the aggregate primary firm delivery rights of its shippers at 
 Wheeler Ridge will increase to about 527 MMcf/d from 450 MMcf/d as a result 
 of this project. At the same time, the design delivery capacity at the 
 Wheeler Ridge Meter Station will be increased to about 800 MMcf/d from 598 
 MMcf/d to accommodate existing shippers, new expansion shippers and Mojave 
 Pipeline shippers, it noted. 
 "Therefore, the expanded delivery point capacity at Wheeler Ridge will be 
 greater than the sum of the combined Kern River and Mojave contract volumes. 
 The Commission recognizes that this does not factor in the volumes 
 attributable to both PG&E and local production that are also delivered to 
 Wheeler Ridge. However, our emphasis is on Kern River being able to provide 
 sufficient delivery point capacity for its customers," the order said. 
 "The solution to the problem of pro-rata allocations of any services at 
 Wheeler Ridge lies not with the interstate pipelines, but rather in fixing 
 the problem with the take-away capacity and the lack of firm transportation 
 path rights on SoCalGas, a matter which is beyond our jurisdiction." 
 The project would increase the "limited-term, incremental transportation 
 capacity" of Kern River by 135 MMcf/d from Wyoming to California to help 
 address the urgent need for additional gas in the West. An estimated 53,900 
 horsepower would be added to the pipeline, including three new compressor 
 stations, and upgraded facilities at three existing compressor stations and 
 an existing meter station. The project, which has been fully subscribed, has 
 a targeted in-service date of July 1 of this year. 
 Kern River plans to use a mix of permanent and temporary facilities on the 
 project, with the temporary facilities intended to be subsequently replaced 
 by permanent 2002 California Expansion Project facilities (which is pending 
 at FERC), and the permanent facilities to be incorporated into the design of 
 the pipeline's 2002 and 2003 California Expansion Projects. The 2003 project 
 recently went through an open season
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
