
 
 
 
 
 Calif Pwr Plan May Face Stumbling Blocks In Legislature
 By Jason Leopold
 ? 
 02/26/2001 
 Dow Jones Energy Service 
 (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
 OF DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
    
 LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- Key lawmakers in the California Assembly and Senate 
 on Monday were only willing to offer partial support for a plan by Gov. Gray 
 Davis to buy the power lines owned by the state's three investor-owned 
 utilities. 
 Their hesitance calls into question the chances of quick passage for the 
 measure, which is the centerpiece of the governor's plan to keep the state's 
 two largest utilities from sliding into bankruptcy. 
 "There are way too many unanswered questions about it, both fundamental and 
 logistical questions," said the chief of staff to one key Democratic 
 lawmaker. 
 On Friday, Gov. Davis announced at a news conference that he reached an 
 "agreement in principle" with Edison International (EIX) unit Southern 
 California Edison to purchase the utility's transmission lines for $2.76 
 billion, roughly 2.3 times their book value. 
 Davis said he hopes to finalize the deal by Friday, when he also hopes to 
 announce similar deals for Sempra Energy (SRE) unit San Diego Gas & Electric 
 and PG&E Corp. (PCG) unit Pacific Gas & Electric . 
 Davis aides said the state is willing to pay about $7.5 billion for the 
 26,000 miles of transmission lines owned by the three utilities. 
 The buyout is aimed to restore the utilities to solvency and help them 
 restructure nearly $13 billion in undercollected power costs the companies 
 have amassed during 2000. 
 But lawmakers said the measure won't sail through the Legislature. State Sen. 
 Debra Bowen, D-Redondo Beach, who chairs the Senate Energy Committee, said 
 she isn't willing to sign off on the transmission plan until the state 
 secures concessions from generators and other creditors. She also questioned 
 the price the governor has offered for the power lines. 
 "There are a number of advantages to having the state own and control the 
 transmission lines, but it's not something we should do at any price," Bowen 
 said, adding that the deal should also have value to ratepayers. 
 For the past several weeks, key lawmakers Bowen, Assembly Speaker Robert 
 Hertzberg, Assemblyman Fred Keely, Senate leader John Burton and Assembly 
 Republican Minority leader Bill Campbell, the Democratic and Republican 
 lawmakers who have stood with Davis during previous news conferences, have 
 been missing. 
 Advisers said the lawmakers have decided not to endorse Davis' plan until 
 more information has been released. Sen. Burton, who introduced legislation 
 three weeks ago to have the state purchase the utilities' transmission lines, 
 also wouldn't declare his support for the governor's plan. 
 "As the governor noted, this is an agreement in principle, and the 
 Legislature awaits further details," said Burton press secretary Dave Sebeck. 
 Other Democrats refused to comment on the transmission plan, while 
 Republicans have been the most vocal opponents. 
 "I don't see how we can pay for the transmission lines without a rate 
 increase," Campbell said. "If you refinance your house from a $100,000 
 mortgage to a $230,000 mortgage, you're going to have to pay more. That's a 
 simple fact. 
 Consumer groups have blasted the governor's proposal, likening it to a 
 bailout of the utilities. 
 Michael Shames, executive director of the Utilities Consumer Action Network, 
 said the price the state is offering to pay for Southern California Edison's 
 power lines "is the outer limits of what can be financially justified as a 
 purchase price for the transmission." 
 Harvey Rosenfield of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights, said he 
 will try and overturn the measure with an initiative on the 2002 ballot. 
 But Davis isn't worried by his critics, whether they be Democrat or 
 Republican. 
 "Responsible Democrats and Republicans will vote for this," said Steve 
 Maviglio, press secretary to Davis. 
 -By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; 

 
