
 
  
 Energy Cost Study Critical of Public Agencies Too 
  Power: DWP is among three government-run producers cited as driving prices 
 up. Spokesmen deny any market manipulation. 
 
 By ROBERT J. LOPEZ, RICH CONNELL, Times Staff Writers
 
 ????Government-owned utilities, including the Los Angeles Department of Water 
 and Power, were influential in driving wholesale electricity prices to levels 
 that helped ignite California's exploding energy crisis during the summer and 
 fall, according to public and confidential records. 
 ?????For months, Gov. Gray Davis, legislators and consumer advocates have 
 chiefly blamed a few private power companies for throwing the state into 
 darkness and economic chaos. 
 ?????But they are just part of the equation. 
 ?????A confidential document obtained by The Times names power providers that 
 have allegedly manipulated the electricity market. While the document does 
 identify out-of-state merchants criticized for gouging, it also discloses for 
 the first time the extent to which public entities allegedly have maximized 
 profits in the volatile spot market. 
 ?????The documentslightly more than $8 per megawatt-hour, compared to Mirant's $138, 
 the highest. 
 ?????But the spot market, as initially designed, made sure that all suppliers 
 offering power received the highest price paid in any hour. 
 ?????The result: Aquila collected $171 an hour for power it was willing to 
 sell at a single-digit price. 
 ?????"They weren't the culprits," said Cal-ISO's Sheffrin. "Someone else 
 drove that up." 
 ?????Aquila spokesman Al Butkus said the company pulled out of the California 
 market because it was too unpredictable. Although the company made money, he 
 said, it also could have lost because of possible downward swings. 
 ?????"We looked at it and we didn't feel very comfortable with what we saw," 
 he said. 
 ?????The market has since been adjusted to prevent high bids from setting the 
 price for everyone. But Sheffrin said it hasn't made much difference because 
 the overall prices are still excessive. 
 ?????"We're saying the patient is sick," Sheffrin said of California's 
 electricity market. "It needs help [and] may die." 
 ?????
 
 
