
 
 PUC SET TO MAKE KEY RULING ON UTILITY BILLS;
 
 ELECTRICITY: REGULATORS ARE ABOUT TO DECIDE HOW TO SPLIT PAYMENTS BETWEEN THE
 STATE AND UTILITIES. THE FORMULA COULD AFFECT FURTHER RATE HIKES.
 
 BYLINE: RONE TEMPEST, TIMES SACRAMENTO BUREAU CHIEF
 
 
 
 DATELINE: SACRAMENTO
 
 BODY:
 
 
 ??How much of utility customers' monthly bills will be used to pay for
 California's multibillion-dollar entry into the power market?
 
 ??That's the question as regulators set out in coming days to determine how to
 split ratepayers' bills between the state, which has been buying electricity 
 at
 the rate of $ 45 million a day since late January, and the debt-laden 
 utilities,
 which continue to deliver that power and collect customers' payments.
 
 ??The issue has moved center stage as Gov. Gray Davis continues to negotiate a
 rescue of the near-bankrupt Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Southern 
 California 
 Edison. The resolution is crucial to Davis' complex plan to pull California 
 out
 of its costly energy crisis.
 
 ??When the Legislature put the state in the power-buying business, it needed 
 to
 ensure eventual reimbursement for its purchases. The result was the CPA, for
 California Procurement Adjustment, essentially the portion of customers' bills
 left over after the utilities subtract their cost of operations.
 
 ??After weeks of wrangling in Sacramento, the front lines in the utility 
 debate
 will now shift for a time to San Francisco, where the California Public
 Utilities Commission will determine the size of the CPA and the way it is to 
 be
 divvied up.
 
 ??How the commission rules will be the main factor in determining if customers
 of the three big investor-owned utilitiesmust be cut in
 half.
 
 ??* The utilities must agree to sell electricity to the state from their own
 generators, including nuclear plants and hydropower facilities, at slightly
 above cost.
 
 ??* And the state must obtain favorable rates on its massive bond sales.
 
 ??Although some progress has been made on all these fronts, none have been
 finalized.
 
 ??For example, Davis announced a week ago that 40 long-term supply contracts
 had been negotiated with major generators at terms favorable to the state. But
 by Friday, fewer than a dozen of the contracts had been signed.
 
 ??Moreover, because of the secrecy the Davis administration has imposed on
 details of the contracts, it is impossible to tell if the prices negotiated by
 the state are low enough to be covered by the $ 10 billion in power bonds 
 beyond
 September.
 
 ??Several California newspapers, including The Times, have been denied by 
 Davis
 in repeated requests to obtain details under the California Public Records 
 Act.
 On Friday, Assemblyman Tony Strickland (R-Moorpark) said he plans to file a
 lawsuit today demanding that contract details be disclosed.
 
 ??If any one of the four key fronts blows up on Davis, the governor would then
 be faced with either dipping into the state budget surplus or asking the PUC 
 to
 raise rates beyond the level now in motion. The currently programmed average 
 19%
 hike comes from a temporary 9% increase approved by the commission in December
 (and generally expected to be made permanent) and a further 10% boost by next
 March (when a rate rollback ordered under the state's 1996 deregulation law
 expires).
 
 ??Davis has publicly opposed using tax funds to bail out the investor-owned
 utilities, on grounds that such a move would be unfair to customers of 
 municipal
 utilities, such as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, that remain
 financially healthy.
 
 ??In its action last week, the PUC made clear that if enough money is not 
 found
 in the CPA to repay the Department of Water Resources, then customer rates 
 would
 have to rise.
 
 ??While acknowledging that it will be a close call, administration officials
 last week repeated their contention that the governor's rescue plan can be
 accomplished without raising rates beyond the 19%.
 
 ??"Conceptually, I'm confident that the CPA mechanism operates in a manner 
 that
 gets us appropriate bond capacity," state Finance Director Tim Gage said.
 
 ??Angelides warned that the state needs to be wary of the utilities' taking
 more than their fair share.
 
 ??"As the final divisions of the pie are made," Angelides said, "the utilities
 should recover no more out of that pie than the actual cost of generation plus
 their regulated return, and the state must be accorded the balance."
 
 
 ??*
 
 ??Times staff writer Nancy Rivera Brooks contributed to this story.
 
 LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2001