
 
 are you guys going to send something special?  how about some stripper's 
 panties from the bachelor party?  any news on caymen rooms?
 
 
 







 
  
 
 
 Donnie -
 
 Sounds good and you missed one hell of a weekend.  From what I hear,
 everyone had an awesome time.  Celeste and I counted 12 weddings we got
 invited to this year between the two of us and also sometime this summer,
 Celeste and I are going to California to visit Alex and Kelly.  I'll let
 everyone know about the invite, but it may be easier for you to let me know
 next time you come in town.
 
 Send me your phone numbers again when you get a chance -
 Val
 

 Val Generes
 eCommerce Technology Consultant
 Houston 83/75984, 713-837-5984
 
 
 
             "Trahan, Don"

             >                            cc:
                                                       05/07/2001 03:13 PM
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Florval,
 How's married life?  I wanted to congratulate you and Celeste.  Again,
 sorry
 we were not able to make it down for the wedding.  I think it is safe to
 assume that the wedding was a bit more fun than the First Communion we went
 to that Saturday.  I hope there are some good stories.  I am guessing you
 are back from the honeymoon at this point, and you guys had a great time.
 Hopefully, you will hold off on populating the earth with any more
 Florval's.  At least give everyone a few more years to begin preparations.
 I hope we can somehow try to get together in the near future.  I may try to
 get down there sometime late summer or fall.  Also, there is always an open
 invitation at the Casa De Trahan here in DC (actually Northern VA - And to
 think in my 1st 18 years, all I thought existed was the Westbank.  There is
 so much more!  Thought you might get a kick out of that comment).  This
 invitation is good if anyone is passing through or would like to visit our
 nation's capitol (It's such a better place now that the 'White Trash' that
 was living in the 'White House' has moved out).  I know it not as cool as
 Melancon living 5 blocks from Wrigley, but you know?  The invite holds good
 not only for Mr.& Mrs Louis Florval Generes (what the hell is that?), but
 also any of the other bums down in Houston that I have not seen if a few
 years.  Later Val.
 
 
 Donnie
 
 
 
 
 
