
 
 Thanks, Steve. That helps clear things up enormously (at least in my little 
 mind).
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 

 	02/28/2001 09:27 PM
 		




 		  
 Jeff,
  In order for California to "shut its doors" it must open its 
 interconnections with the rest of the west and become a Texas-like electrical 
 island.  This they cannot do.  California has a substantial investment in 
 units located in Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico and Utah.  The lights would go 
 out in California if they opened the ties.  In the 1970's there was a hue and 
 cry over loop flow, with California claiming that it was being injured by 
 others, particularly by the interior systems trading practices, however they 
 never considered opening the ties, because the benefits of interconnection 
 were so large that the "cost" of loop flow was far exceeded by the value of 
 regional trade, i.e., they are economically interdependent.
 
  If such a foolish thing were done and California full "closed its doors" by 
 opening its ties, cost would go up in the Northwest, in California and all 
 the rest of the Western System.  There are "gains for trade" which accrue to 
 all parties from interconnection.  The trade is more complicated than just 
 summer/winter peaks (seasonal load diversity) there is also seasonal resource 
 diversity (Spring run off effects) and finally there opportunity to 
 capitalize on storage vs base load thermal operations.  I will address the 
 last point first to illustrate the complexity of the trading patterns.
 
  The interior west (Montana, Wyoming, Utah, Arizona and New Mexico) has large 
 amount of base load coal plants.  As load drops off in those areas, the 
 energy flows to the coast to back off peaking plants and to back off hydro.  
 The reduction of hydro production allows night time reservoir refill which 
 can be used to meet peak load in the Northwest and California.  This can be 
 seen in the attached file, which contains a set of plots for hourly flow on 
 the Pacific DC Intertie Jun97, Dec 97, Jun 98, Dec 98, Jun 99, Dec 99, 
 Jun00.  In these plots the clear day/night exchange of energy can be seen, 
 especially in the Jun00 plot when sales are being made to California in the 
 day and to the Northwest at night.  This day to night storage exchange 
 benefits lowers costs for everyone.
 
  On top of this daily/weekly cycle, there is the seasonal shift in load 
 diversity you noted.  For the Northwest, its peak load occurs when energy 
 production is the lowest how can California closing it doors not increase the PNW's cost of 
 power?
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 
 	James D Steffes
 	02/28/2001 08:05 AM
 		



 		  
 It seems to me that this information leads one to conclude that the value of 
 an open transmission network is that California does not have to build 5,000 
 MW of power plant (4,500 MW max input + 10%) in state.  In other words, if 
 California were to disconnect from the grid, someone would have to build 
 additional power plants in-state.
 
 The cost to California consumers is therefore the annual carrying cost of 10 
 500 MW plants (made even more expensive after California expropriates the 
 current fleet of merchant generation).
 
 From the perspective of the remainder of the West, the question still remains 
 - if California does go it alone, what is the economic impact?  Other than 
 legal arguments about Interstate Commerce, why should the Federal Government 
 want to continue to pursue open acess?  This is the hard question that we 
 need to answer.  
 
 Jim
 
 
 
 
 
 

 	02/27/2001 09:40 PM
 		 



 		  
 Jim, Jeff:
 
 Jim asked me in a voice mail what would be the cost to California of moving 
 from the current (evolving) system of open access to a "protectionist" 
 environment where access to the grid would be determined by a political body 
 responding to populist pressures.
 
 Here are some things to consider.  We can talk more and I welcome Sue Mara or 
 Steve Walton's input:
 
 California is a net importer so any restraint of trade would risk the state 
 being able to meet its own demand.  See attached slides that show PNW-CA 
 trade.  Even in the winter, power on a net basis flows south.
 
 Limiting open access would primarily act to hold in-state generators hostage.
  this will kill incentives for new investment
 
 If the ISO's proposal for market power mitigation are any guide of where a 
 protectionist ISO would go:
  in-state generators would be required to sell forward or lose their market 
 based rate certificates
  load serving entities would be required to contract forward for load and a 
 reserve margin.  
   This is costly: it will lead to centralized planning solutions to 
 reliability rather than more efficient market     outcomes
  Artifical notions of "just and reasonable" rates (on top of unreasonable 
 reserve requirements) would lead to severe   reliability problems.  (In other 
 words, if Steve Peace has his way, the imports into the state will drop 
 off     signficanly)
 
 There is no reason the state would be more effective at expanding the grid 
 (e.g., Path 15) than the current system.  (Although, admittedly the current 
 system has flaws.  The CAISO was set up with little thought to transmission 
 expansion planning.  Other RTOs are not repeating this mistake.).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
