
 
 Wes
 
 Here is current draft of CDWR agreement.  Negotiations are still underway.  
 The underlying contract is the EEI Master - let me know if you need that 
 standard form.
 Call w/ any questions/comments
 
 Elizabeth 
 36349
 in light of your response about opinions not being provided by outside 
 counsel, we modified the confirmation to request that the opinions could be 
 from the AG, or if CDWR cannot do that, then from the GC of CDWR.  We felt 
 that this would not involve additional work since these presumably will be 
 rendered in connection with the Bonds and we provided that they generally 
 would be provided to us after the Bonds are issued.
 
 I think the foregoing represent most of the items we had discussed.  Please 
 let me know when you wish to discuss.  Also, it may make sense for our next 
 call to have the respective Enron and CDWR commercial folks on the call since 
 it may be the case that many of the final decisions involved may be 
 commercial ones.
 
 Lastly, please note that while we have discussed most of the points addressed 
 in the revised drafts with Enron, in order to expedite the process, we are 
 sending these drafts simultaneously to you and Enron.  Thus, it is possible 
 that Enron may have further modifications or changes to the documents.
 
 Thanks.  We look forward to working with you to finalize the requisite 
 documents.
 
 John
 
 
 "This e-mail, including attachments, contains information that is 
 confidential and it may be protected by the attorney/client or other 
 privileges.  This e-mail, including attachments, constitutes non-public 
 information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient(s).  If 
 you are not an intended recipient, please delete this e-mail, including 
 attachments and notify me by return mail, e-mail or by phone at 212 
 424-8125.  The unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution or reproduction 
 of the e-mail, including attachments, is prohibited and may be unlawful.
 
 John Klauberg
 LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
 212 424-8125

  - CDWRConf.doc
  - CDWRMaster.doc
  - Conf-bl.doc.rtf
  - Master-bl.doc.rtf