
 
 
 
   Houston Chronicle, June 14
 
 
 WELCOME
 New Hires
 EIM   - Linyue Xu
 ENA  - Candice Kao, Jason Loup
 NEPCO - Victor Wirick, E.J. Mohr, John McCorkle, Mairvic MacDonald, Heather Coffey, Larry Brady, Cindy Olson, William King, Danny Wheeler, July Astengo, Tara An, Matthew Fontaine
 Transfers (to or within)
 ENA - LaDonna Finnels-Neal, Margaret Daffin, Michael Newlin, Jay Blaine, Diane Cook, Anrew Greer, Troy Denetsosie, Paulita Olvera, Patty Deas, Steven McCarrel, Mary Cilia, Bobbi Tessandori, Luis Mendez
 EIM - Monika Causholli, 
 EGM - Felecia Russell, Sam Niness, Wayne Byargeon, Fotios Economou
 NEPCO - Robert Woolf, Gary Franke, Richard Stephens, John Taylor, Charles Clarkson, Albert Franch, Kerry Lockstedt, Danielle Shafer, Robin Carpenter, John Wilson, Charles Seal
 
 
 NUGGETS & NOTES
 
 Congratulations to Lisa and Tim McKone, director in Steel Origination. They are the proud parents of a healthy baby boy, William David McKone. He was born on Sunday, June 17th and weighed 9 lbs. 6 oz.
 
 Travel tip of the week:
 Enron has negotiated preferred rates at selected hotel in domestic and international cities. Please visit travel.enron.com and a search engine will assist you in finding hotels with preferred rates. If you are a frequent traveler to a specific city and your preferred hotel is not listed, please contact Tracey Ramsey and efforts will be made to negotiate a preferred rate with that hotel.
 	Preferred Hotels - short list
 	San Francisco
 	    Hilton & Towers			$209
 	    Holiday Inn - Financial District 	  169 
 	Portland
 	     Portland Marriott			  109
 	     Riverplace Hotel			  155
 	New York City
 	     Plaza Hotel				  265
 	     New York Palace			  330
 
 
 EnronOnline Statistics
 	Below are the latest figures for EnronOnline as of June 21, 2001
 	
 		*  Total Life to Date Transactions > 1,105,000
 		*  Life to Date Notional Value of Transactions > $660 billion
 
 
 LEGAL STUFF
 The information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries.  It is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed.
 
 
 <Embedded Paintbrush Picture>