
 
 could you please fax this text to steve and mark?  thanks a million.  jeff
  Native Generation, QF's
 and what we call the net short. And the first two are well within the rate
 structure and it's our expectation that we can get the third piece within it
 as well."
 
      Question: "Governor, was there enough power bid in the short term to
 keep the lights on say to February without going into the spot market?"
 
      Governor Davis: "Let me ask Mr. Hannigan. As I said, I want to protect
 the integrity of the bid process. That's why the only information I asked of
 the Director is the information he's already described to you, so you're
 going beyond my pay grade at the moment, I have to call on the Director."
 
      Director Hannigan: "Well as I said at the outset, I have not seen the
 bids and I don't know what the numbers are. It is a sealed bid process and
 we're respecting the
      integrity of that. But we have been buying power both on the day ahead
 market and the real time market, hourly market, real-time market. It's a
 function of trying to work
      these generators down, get them to sell us power at the cheapest price
 we can get from them, and through that we hope to make it through the first
 of February. I think
      we're looking a little farther than that."
 
      Question: "The Legislature has set aside money to get us through
 February 2. My question is whether these contracted governments."
 
      Director Hannigan: "These contracts really don't relate to the
 short-term getting through that time frame."
 
      Question: "When does the long-term begin?"
 
      Director Hannigan: "Well the long-term begins, of course, when the
 contract date suggests they begin, but we don't know what that will be at
 this point. It could be in a
      week, it could be shorter. Some of them it could be longer, it depends
 on how long it takes to negotiate them with them and what kind of terms you
 get."
 
      Question: "Do you think based on these numbers that you could reach the
 point described frequently as 5 1/2 cents?"
 
      Director Hannigan: "I don't know that. That is the same question as can
 you reach a point where you don't raise the rate."
 
      Question: "That apparently is the point in which you don't raise the
 rate?"
 
      Director Hannigan: "Yeah, so I don't know that Dan."
 
      Unknown Speaker: "I don't know that that is correct. Built into that
 presumption is that you don't get any relief on the QF's which we're now
 paying between 16 and 19
      cents to the extent that you get relief on the QF's then that 5 1/2
 cents can raise without a rate increase."
 
      Question: "Does that mean that, Hertzberg, you don't need your
 front-loaded program which leaves the bonds up front to cover the initial
 cost? You don't need the
      program at all?"
 
      Speaker Hertzberg: "No, I think you do in order to use revenue bonds to
 pay for the near term. Obviously, yes, the answer is yes, you do need it. It
 will be smaller."
 
      Question: "The near terms are going to need those revenue bonds?"
 
      Speaker Hertzberg: "Well yeah, you need them to take out that bump in
 the near term. But how many bonds you issue depends upon what these prices
 are. But yeah,
      you are going to need some facility clearly just as a means to collect
 the money back from the customers. There still has to be some mechanism in
 place to do that."
 
      Question: "Governor do you agree with having to use revenue bonds up
 front?"
 
      Governor Davis: "I believe it is an appropriate mechanism, we'll have
 more to say about that in the next couple of days, but we have been in
 constant contact with all the
      people behind me as well as Assemblyman Campbell, who we were visiting
 earlier tonight. And we understand that what we're looking forward to is
 essentially price
      stabilization. So in the short-term, price paid by energy customers is
 going to be less than the actual price of energy. In the long-term, the
      price of energy will fall but the price will remain constant to the
 consumers. It is our collective expectation that if we can tell the business
 and residential consumers of the
      state that their price will stay relatively stable over a sustained
 period of time, that they will see that as a good deal. Do you understand
 what I'm saying? Obviously if you
      look at the spot market, you can see today's prices considerably higher
 than the 5 to 5 1/2 percent range that we originally thought was necessary
 to stay within the
      current rate structure. Because the negotiations led primarily by
 Senator Battin and Assemblyman Keeley were so successful in the QF part of
 the equation, we have a
      little more flexibility on the long-term contracting although not a lot
 more flexibility.
 
      Question: "Is there enough energy bids to cover the net short
 positions? Especially this summer?"
 
      Governor Davis: "It is my understanding that we had a very
 representative bid and that's the only information that we've been shared...
 We had a good deal of power bid
      for and it was a very good sample and certainly one that gives us all
 optimism."
 
      Question: "What I mean to ask is this 10,000 Kilowatts or Megawatts
 that possibly the state's looking for? Is it enough to cover that gap?"
 
      Governor Davis: "As I said before, it would be a mistake. I'm talking
 in general terms now. It would be a mistake for the state to try and acquire
 all its power at once. That
      would drive up the cost and saddle the taxpayer with higher costs than
 are necessary. The Department of Water Resources knows that and they are
 proceeding
      appropriately."
 
      Question: "Governor, just for our viewers very simply, is it reasonable
 to expect that some of these long-term bidding contracts will start next
 week? Next month? When do
      you think?"
 
      Governor Davis: "We're hopeful to get authority from the Legislature
 within a week to begin consummating the better proposals that were received
 today. Under the
      guidance and advice from Mike Peevey and David Freeman, we expect the
 Department of Water Resources to move aggressively to enter into unilateral
 arrangements
      with other potential bidders, go back to ones whose bids were initially
 rejected to see if we can negotiate better prices. We're on this like white
 on rice, we are determined
      to get the best prices as soon as we can. But it is a mistake to try
 and get it all done within a week. We'll end up paying more for it than we
 have to."
 
      Question: "Is there any possibility that you'll run out of cash before
 you sign the contract?"
 
      Governor Davis: "It's my expectation and hope that we will not. We have
 obviously emergency authorities so we can draw upon but it is my expectation
 and hope that we
      can live within the resources allocated to us on a short-term basis and
 then have the authority to switch over to long-term contracting."
 
                                                              ###
 
 
 
 Katie Kaplan
 Manager of State Policy Affairs
 Independent Energy Producers Association
 (916) 448-9499
 
 
