
 
 
 Susan:
 
 Sara received this e-mail from First Union regarding the ISDA with Enron Corp.  Per Lotus Notes, you are working with Sara on this.  Is this something you can handle, or should it wait until Sara returns?
 
 Thanks!
 
 Marie
  

 
 [mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Suchdev+2C+20Vijay+22+20+3CVijay+2ESuchdev+40funb+2Eco

 
 
 	    	    	    and
 	             First U      nion National Bank
 
 	   First Union Securities, Inc.
 
 	   Hi Sara,
 
 	   I just wanted to follow up on our discussion of the draft ISDA
 last
 	   week.
 	   When you're back in the office and you have a moment, could you
 please
 	   give
 	   me a call.
 
 	   Thanks and regards,
 
 	   Vijay K. Suchdev
 	   Vice President
 	   Equity Derivatives
 	   First Union Securities, Inc.
 	   Telephone: (212) 909-0951
 	   Facsimile: (212) 891-5042

 
 
 	   This is for your information only and is not an offer to sell, or
 a
 	   solicitation of an offer to buy, the securities or instruments
 	   mentioned.  The information has been obtained or derived from
 sources
 	   believed by us to be reliable, but we do not represent that it is
 	   accurate or complete.  Any opinions or estimates contained in
 this
 	   information constitute our judgement as of this date and are
 subject to
 	   change without notice.  First Union Securities, Inc. (FUSI), or
 its
 	   affiliates may provide advice or may from time to time acquire,
 hold or
 	   sell a position in the securities mentioned herein.  FUSI is a
 	   subsidiary of First Union Corporation and is a member of the
 NYSE, NASD
 	   and SIPC.  FUSI is a separate and distinct entity from its
 affiliated
 	   banks and thrifts.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This is for your information only and is not an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, the securities or instruments mentioned.  The information has been obtained or derived from sources believed by us to be reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Any opinions or estimates contained in this information constitute our judgement as of this date and are subject to change without notice.  First Union Securities, Inc. (FUSI), or its affiliates may provide advice or may from time to time acquire, hold or sell a position in the securities mentioned herein.  FUSI is a
 subsidiary of First Union Corporation and is a member of the NYSE, NASD and SIPC.  FUSI is a separate and distinct entity from its affiliated banks and thrifts.