
 
 I believe the following series of emails is a colossal waste of time. Lets get risks into books, risk systems working, options valued and into books.It seems we are trying to build a race car when there are no roads. Rick
 
  for that range of companies. However, we are dealing with specific types of firms where "default" may not mean we do not get paid. Sure we still have some credit risk, but it's not like Montgomery Ward's where the lights are being turned off for good. Energy is so fundamental for a company's success and default actions can be used as a way to save a company albeit in a different form.  So financial default does not neccesarily mean default for EES commodity payments totally.
 
 4)	A while back someone said to me that may, maybe the people who reach for a life preserver are more likely to live than those that don't. By that I mean that, perhaps our use of these default probabilities actually overstates the credit risk in that if a company has at least enough proactive vision to contract EES, then they are more likely to improve that one that doesn't. This is a type of behavioral variable that the data doesn't consider. This would be a useful MBA project to examine these types of corporate variables and compare it to their credit rating forward curve.
 
 5)	This leads me to something I hope we can acomplish in the special finance team. The contract briefs are, to me, the begimnning of this exercise.  If we can combine our customers into "exposure group portfolios" (for lack of a better term), where a group has similar "risk characteristics" beyind the current parameter set, that we define, then this offers a potential to shop some of these exposure to specialized insurance markets.
 
 6)	A technical point. Monte Carlo simulations are numerical experiments. Besides the model assumptions, numerical experiments have three inherent error attributes; the number of trials, numerical roundoff, and random number generator randomness statistical properties. The first two are not a problem in this application but the last one could be. Has anyone examined the effect of using different random number generators on Enron's aggregate credit risk?
 
 7)	There is one last point here. For most of the above points, the "improved" analysis could make the credit risk be higher. 
 
 Rick 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
 <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>