
 
 A GISB can be used for deals longer than a month if they are fully 
 interruptible.  However, we would only use the GISB for firm business If they 
 limit their business to one month or less which would include a 31 day 
 month.   The $20MM credit line represents the mark-to-market exposure of all 
 business that ENA would be doing with the customer so that any deal that 
 would tend to exceed the aggregate credit line would need to be separately 
 supported with additional credit documentation, i.e., a letter of credit or a 
 increase in the coverage under a parent guarantee.
 
 
 

 	03/07/2001 01:07 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 Lets discuss.
 

    
 
 
 Hey Laurence,
 
 Good meeting you and Larry yesterday.   I think we had some good discussion
 yesterday and it seems like we have some things we can work on together.
 
 As far as the contracts, a couple of clarifications and an answer to your
 question below.
 
 You should have received a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement via email
 and hard copy.  Additionally, you have already received  a GISB contract
 and a ISDA Agreement.  Here is a brief description of what each of them do:
 
    GISB - Gas Industry Standards Board Agreement - this is an interruptible
    contract for gas supply that is 30 days or less.  OPC would not be able
    to lock forward NYMEX prices on this contract but can purchase short
    term supplies.
    ISDA - this contract is for financial positions only.  If you wanted to
    enter into swaps or derivative based products, you can perform them
    under this contract without ever having to take physcial delivery.
    Master Firm - Under this contract, OPC will be purchasing firm gas
    supply and will be able to lock forward values on the NYMEX.  Note that
    this is a physcial contract which will require OPC to take delivery.
    OPC will receive a bill from Enron around the 5th after the month of
    delivery and will be required to pay no later than the 25th.  If the
    25th is on a weekend or holdiay, then the invoice will be due on the
    next business day.  OPC payment obligations are always after the month
    of delivery no later than the 25th with no need for any payments
    beforehand.  Note that under Triggering Event in Section 4.2, either
    party may need to provide additional credit assurances in the event of a
    material change which could cause a letter of credit to be issued.
 
 Let me know if you did not receive the Master Firm Agreement or if you have
 any more questions.
 
 Thanks.
 
 Phil DeMoes
 
 
 
 
 

 

 cc:
 
  
 
 Phil,
 
 One quick question we forgot to ask yesterday.  If OPC were to to place an
 order for physical contract for a delivery month of this summer,  when
 would
 we have to pay for this?  Would it be so many days after the end of the
 month in which
 received, etc? Would there be any cash due upon placing the order?
 
 Larry Bergen
 Oglethorpe Power Corporation
 
 
 
 
 
 
