
 
 An update on our change for the Storage Allocation.  Several questions
 have come up over the weekend.  The weekend crew is documenting the
 questions.  I have left Mike Bodnar and John Buchanan a phone mail message
 to research the questions and concerns on Monday.  Then we will group with
 storage and determine what changes need to be made.
 
 One change we talked about on the Sunday morning call with storage is to
 be able to use SBS on the non allocated portion of storage.  ie, if we are
 allocating injections, then withdrawals should still use SBS.  If we are allocating
 withdrawals, then injections should still have access to SBS.  Mike Bodnar will
 pursue this enhancement further.  Thanks. Lynn
 
 
 
 
 
 Lynn Blair
 06/17/2001 04:56 PM


 
  
 FYI.  Just to keep ya'll in the loop.  This fix should be ready for test on Monday
 and migrated Monday night for Tuesday's use.  This fix will be very beneficial
 in minimizing Shipper imbalances on NNG.  Terry and Gerry will work with the teams
 to be sure everyone is up to speed on the change.  If you have any questions while I
 am out next week, please check with Terry Kowalke or Mike Bodnar.   Thanks. Lynn
 
    Cc:	Matheson, Maggie; Medeles, Gerry
  
 Jill,
 Lynn and Steve January want to change the storage allocation from after confirmation to after regular allocations during all cycles except timely (for the timely cycle it storage allocations will be after confirmations).
 
 I looked at the code and it seemed to be pretty self contained module.  But a few things to look out for:
 
 1) Process for saving to the database
 	- after allocations
 	- after storage allocations
 	- after confirmations
 2) rollback of allocations to include storage
 3) SBS - currently it turned off for the storage allocation process.  How does it get turned back on?  Business group has to make a decision on how whether SBS needs to turned on or off for the confirmation process
 
 Please let maggie or gerry know the time estimate.
 
 Thanx
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 <Embedded StdOleLink>