
 
 Thanks Bill - appreciate your help!
 
 
 
 	Bill D Hare
 	04/16/2001 05:51 PM
 		





 		  
 We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include, 
 "a division of Cargill Incorporated".   We will meet in the near future to 
 discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in Global 
 Counterparty.
 
 Bill         
 
 
 
 


  
 Bill -
 
 If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me 
 like something needs to be changed.  The difficulty lies in the fact that the 
 confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty.  
 Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the 
 power to contract in their own names.  If the correct legal name is not in 
 Global Counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on 
 it seriously compromising the contract itself.  That is the source of Tana's 
 concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system.  
 
 My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer 
 has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 



  
 Hello,
 
 Yes, GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent 
 and child for our downstream systems.
 GCP procedure is to create Counterparty names that reflect either the 
 Tradename / Division name or Parent Name  - - not both simultaneously.
 (Although, we have broken that rule for Legal in the past.) This defeats the 
 purpose of using a Tradename.
 
 Best Rgds.
 
 Samuel
 
 
    
 
 
       03/23/2001 10:21 AM	
 	
 	
 	                           
 	
 



  
 Tana,
  
 Please review the process below:
 
 With divisions,  EOL does request a new Password Application for the 
 applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.  When the company is set up 
 in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP 
 ID.  Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to 
 establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
 
 Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.  
 
 Thanks,
 Stephanie    
 
 
 

  
 Sam & Stephanie,
 
 Re:  Cargill Ferrous International
 
 It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the 
 legal incorporated entity as part of the name.  Stephanie, I my preference is 
 to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read 
 something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc."  
 or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".
 
 
 
 	Samuel Schott
 	03/21/2001 01:58 PM
 		

















 		  		  
 Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.
 
 Attn. GCP_London:
 There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK. Please respond.
 
  
 
 Best Rgds.
 
 Samuel x3-9890
 ENW_GCP
 
 
 

















   
 Please see attached.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
