
 
  Associated Press 
 
 Tuesday May 29 8:03 AM ET 
 Bush: No Price Caps on Electricity
 
 By SCOTT LINDLAW, Associated Press Writer 
 
 LOS ANGELES (AP) - President Bush traveled across the country to deliver news 
 Gov. Gray Davis doesn't want to hear: He won't force down soaring electricity 
 prices that have cost California nearly $8 billion since January.
 
 The Republican president and the embattled Democratic governor arranged a 
 20-meeting Tuesday to talk about California's energy crisis, but there was no 
 indication they would break their stalemate.
 
 Bush opposes price limits on wholesale electricity that utilities buy, 
 arguing they do nothing to address supply-and-demand issues at the heart of 
 the crisis.
 
 Davis contends federal energy regulators are ignoring their mandate to ensure 
 ``just and fair'' electricity prices.
 
 With no sign of a break in the deadlock, each side maneuvered for maximum 
 advantage from Bush's first full day in California as president.
 
 Davis, in an interview Tuesday on ABC's ``Good Morning America,'' defended 
 his record on licensing more power plants.
 
 ``We've licensed 15 plants. Ten are under construction, four will be online 
 this summer, four next summer, and by the end of 2003 we will have built our 
 way out of this problem. But between now and then, we are getting gouged 
 unbelievably,'' Davis said.
 
 The Bush administration timed positive energy announcements to coincide with 
 the president's visit.
 
 At the Marine Corps base at Camp Pendleton, Bush was announcing the expansion 
 of a program that provides federal money to help low-income residents pay for 
 power.
 
 Bush was proposing $150 million, in addition to $300 million already budgeted 
 for a component of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, to provide 
 special help to cash-strapped residents of California and certain Midwest 
 areas such as Chicago, a senior administration aide said.
 
 Bush was also reminding state residents of his order that military facilities 
 in the state cut peak-hour usage by 10 percent.
 
 To alleviate an electricity bottleneck on a crucial south-north transmission 
 path, the Department of Energy announced that the Western Area Power 
 Authority will try to raise money from a variety of private and public 
 entities to finance a crucial additional lines.
 
 ``The Bush administration is taking a leadership role in addressing a 
 long-neglected problem in California's electricity transmission system,'' 
 said Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham. ``California's electricity problems 
 developed over a period of years and cannot be solved overnight. However, we 
 can move now on actions that will help avert the same types of problems from 
 recurring year after year.''
 
 Davis had a letter for Bush from top economists who maintain price caps are 
 justified and necessary.
 
 Aides to the governor expressed amazement that Bush would travel all the way 
 to California with no major announcement in hand, and predicted Davis would 
 respond with ``polite rage.''
 
 Mindful of the national stage he commanded, Davis planned a news conference 
 to air his grievances. And he convened a panel of families he said have been 
 victimized by the energy crisis in the same hotel where Bush was staying.
 
 Davis wants Bush to pressure the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to 
 impose stiff price caps.
 
 Tuesday, limited caps ordered last month by FERC go into effect in 
 California, but only when electricity reserves fall below 7.5 percent in the 
 state - a step Davis called inadequate.
 
 Protesters planned demonstrations in Los Angeles and at Camp Pendleton, in 
 San Diego County.
 
 Bush also arranged a speech on energy and trade to the Los Angeles World 
 Affairs Council and planned to president over a closed-door energy 
 round-table discussion. 