
 
 
 Calif. Optimistic About Power Line
 
 
 
 By DAVID HO
 Associated Press Writer
 WASHINGTON (AP) via NewsEdge Corporation  -
 California Gov. Gray Davis said Tuesday that
 he is confident the Bush administration will support the state's
 $2.7 billion proposal to ease energy woes by buying Southern
 California Edison's electricity transmission system.
 
 
 Supporters of the plan say it could lead to quick improvements
 of a bottlenecked system overdue for repairs. But critics contend
 the proposal saddles the state with an antiquated network that
 could prove costly to fix.
 
 
 Davis said he presented a nine-page proposal to Energy Secretary
 Spencer Abraham and he expects a response by the end of the week.
 
 
 Abraham ``wants this problem solved and he's been very
 supportive,'' Davis said. ``He's recommended approval on every
 request I've made, and I believe he will support our proposal.''
 
 
 Energy Department spokesman Joe Davis said Abraham is reviewing
 the proposal but wouldn't comment on whether he would endorse it.
 
 
 On Friday, the governor announced a deal to purchase the power
 lines and require Edison International, the utility's parent
 company, to sell cheap power to the state for a decade.
 
 
 Federal approval is required for the proposal, which does not
 include the state's other major investor-owned utilities, Pacific
 Gas &amp; Electric and San Diego Gas and Electric.
 
 
 Negotiations are continuing with all three utilities to buy
 their 26,000 miles of transmission lines for a cost that could
 range from $4.5 billion to $7 billion.
 
 
 Edison and PG&amp;E have said they have accumulated nearly $13
 billion in losses because the state's 1996 deregulation law
 prevented them from passing the true costs of wholesale energy to
 their customers. The governor's plan would infuse the utilities
 with part of the cash they need to remain solvent.
 
 
 Some state lawmakers have said the long-term costs of the plan
 outweigh the immediate benefits because the transmission lines need
 repairs that could cost an estimated $1 billion a year.
 
 
 Addressing a lunch for the California State Society attended by
 members of the state's congressional delegation, Davis outlined his
 plans to solve the power problems by building new power plants and
 working with the energy industry.
 
 
 ``We have a real challenge this summer and the following
 summer,'' he said. ``The third year I think enough generation will
 be online so that we're in much better shape.''
 
 
 Davis has issued executive orders to shorten the approval
 process for new plants and expects to gain 5,000 megawatts by
 summer _ enough to power about 5 million homes.
 
 
 In addition to increasing power production, Davis emphasized the
 need for greater conservation, advising his state's consumers to
 turn off lights in empty rooms, unplug unused appliances and lower
 thermostats.
 
 
 ``In my house, my wife has the thermostat down to 55 degrees,''
 he said. ``Going to the kitchen in the middle of the night is like
 a trip to Antarctica.''
