
 
   The state would not now be advancing a proposal to spend
        billions of dollars to purchase the state's three
        investor-owned utility's electric transmission systems.
 
 "This year, the state has spent more than $3 billion on power purchases and, 
 with the CPUC, has arranged to be reimbursed for these expenses," noted 
 Glynn. "In contrast, since June Pacific Gas and Electric Company has spent $9 
 billion in excess of revenues to pay for power for its customers and 
 exhausted its ability to continue borrowing, but there has been no progress 
 on a plan to reimburse it for those expenditures as provided by law.
 
 "Statements by the Governor and other public officials since last September 
 gave us reason to believe that a solution could be reached outside the 
 context of Chapter 11 that would restore the utility's financial viability 
 and enable it to meet its financial obligations equitably. However, these 
 statements have not been followed up by constructive actions, and a 
 reorganization in Chapter 11 is now the most feasible means of resolution."
 
 The utility will utilize existing resources to continue operating its 
 business during bankruptcy, including paying vendors and suppliers in full 
 for goods and services received after the filing. The utility will pay 
 electric commodity suppliers as provided by law. The utility intends to 
 continue normal electric and gas transmission and distribution functions 
 during the Chapter 11 process. Employees will continue to be paid. Health 
 care plans and other benefits for employees and most retirees will continue. 
 The utility's qualified retirement plans for retirees and vested employees 
 are fully funded and protected by federal law.
 
 Notice
 
 A media teleconference will be held today at 10:15 A.M. Pacific Daylight Time 
 to discuss this announcement. Pacific Gas and Electric Company Chairman 
 Robert D. Glynn, Jr., and Pacific Gas and Electric Company President and CEO 
 Gordon R. Smith will be available for questions. The dial-in number is 
 888/469-2078, and the password for access is "media." An investment community 
 conference call to discuss Pacific Gas and Electric Company's Chapter 11 
 filing has been scheduled for 11:15 A.M. Pacific Daylight Time today. A 
 real-time webcast of this conference call can be accessed at www.pgecorp.com.
 
 
 
   CONTACT: PG&E Corporation
            News Department 415/973-5930
