
 
 I spoke with Jamie this morning and explained our concerns (which master to use, given the merger is there a legal need for novation, since these are NY law documents would assignment be more appropriate, what collateral is involved to be transferred) and have since received a message from their lawyer in New York.  If they insist on a novation (which is not a commonly used concept in US law), you could certainly help by letting us know if there is anything to which you would object in their draft. I'll let you know if it gets to that.  Otherwise I think we're under control.
 
 Mark
 
 



   Cc: JEANNOT, Diane, FM
  
 
 Hi Suzanne,
 
 Please find attached the Novation Request letter which outlines the
 actions
 required to novate your trades from the NatWest name to the RBS.   The
 documents which need to be executed are :-
 
 1.  Novation Agreement
 
 *       You will get this from Diane Jeannot from our Legal & Compliance
 in
 NY soon
 *       This is to authorise the novation of the trades from the NW
 books
 into RBS books, and to be covered by your existing RBS Master ISDA
 *       To sign both copies, but return only one (fax and mail)
 
 2.  Credit Support Annex
 
 *       Please see attached CSA Authorisation, please sign at the bottom
 and
 return via fax
 *       As there is collateral tied to the NW Master ISDA, we will need
 to
 novate the collateral as well.
 
 3.  Letter from your Guarantor - Enron Corp
 
 *       To novate the guarantee in favour of NW to RBS
 
 4.  RBS Settlement Instructions Acknowledgement
 
 *       See attached RBS Settlement Instructions and Acknowledgement
 letter.
 *       This is to acknowledge that anything booked in the RBS names
 have to
 be paid into RBS accounts provided, so these new instructions should be
 distributed to your payments division.
 *       Please sign and return by fax
 
 Please let me know if you have any queries at all.  All documents can be
 returned to me, my address is on the Novation Letter.
 
 One thing to note, the deadline is actually October 3rd for all
 documents to
 be returned.  Unfortunately, we are a little late in sorting it out with
 Adam and sending you the documents, but I will appreciate if you could
 arrange for this to be done as soon as possible, and let me know a
 realistic
 date for return.  Apologies for the rush.
 
 
 Thanks and regards,
 Jamie Wood
 Novation Helpdesk
 The Royal Bank of Scotland, Financial Markets
 020 73755677
 
 
 
 
 
