
 
 please file "Pam Benson".  Thanks.  MHC
 
  
     
 Tim, I just wanted to share with you the matter of my having received a telephone call a week ago from Pam Benson (formerly of Joe Sutton's office).  She was the admin with Joe Sutton's office who'd approached me and then insisted I had to come work with her in supporting Joe's office even after I had told HR and her I wasn't interested.
 
 She was also responsible for eliminating me from Joe's office in his absence upon her return from her surgery after I had supported his office  having been complimented by him verbally to Pam in my presence as having taken what he referred to  as "the best planned trip he'd been on in years with everything in place". (This was in reference to his trip around the world when he went to India to meet with President Clinton.)
 
 Pam said she's "had me on her mind for a long time" then proceeded with:
 "I was going to call you at home but was uncertain that the number I had was correct, so decided to call you at Enron since I knew you were there." 
 "I had to call to tell you I've had you on my mind for a long time and that I need to tell you how very sorry I am for what I did to you, Cindy.  You didn't deserve to be treated like that."  "You are a fine person" and then she broke down crying on the telephone.  Pam said she hoped in her heart I would forgive her and that "she didn't deserve to talk to me".  
 
 She said she had retired and was calling me from her home and that "God had been talking to her and told her to make this telephone call and that she needed to call to apologize to me for what she had done to me." She said twice, "if there is anything I can do for you emotionally or financially, please call me and I will do whatever I can to help you."  My only response to Pam was, "Pam,  I  do not understood why you did it."   
 
 Tim, in all of my years employed within the corporate environment, I have never encountered anyone like Pam Benson before who would harbor jealousy to the point where they would want to destroy a person's reputation among their peers and professional associates and manipulate someone's career.  Of course she caught me off guard calling me here at the office around 11:00 am which left me speechless.  I found her call strange as so much time has passed.  Her disruptive behavior only reflected her thoughts. 
 
 I just thought I'd share this with you.  Some people never cease to amaze me.  
 
 Cindy
 
 
  