
 

  Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X-
 X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Thomas, Paul D.\Sent Items
 X-Origin: THOMAS-P
 X-FileName: paul d thomas 6-26-02.PST
 
 Aaron,
 The house we live in is about 1700 Sq foot.. older home that needed some fixing up.  At the time I thought we paid too much, however prices in the neighborhood skyrocketed just after we bought the home.  The Houston Texans (a very original name) have developed the new stadium and have torn down some of the seedier hotels in the area in their wake.  Also, they have totally redone South Main Blvd creating a nice thoroughfare. The area is experincing a lot of renovation which is adding value to the neighborhood!  However, home values go up and down just like the stock market.  Most important thing is that we like the home and are very comfortable there.
 
 When we had the house remodeled it was a nightmare, I think the guy was an alcoholic and he did a half ass job.  I prefer to do it myself, I like the way it looks when I do it and it is whole lot cheaper.  One day the contractor almost died in the house... he lost his tooth and proceeded to take a bunch of Advil to ease the pain; however he did this on an empty stomach.  He had to be rushed to the hospital and was there for a week!  He ended up returning and finishing the job?!?!  Anyways, I have to say that it was a good learning experience and next time I will have a better idea on how to get things done.  It was hard to organize and quality assure the job since I had just started a demanding job here at Enron.  All in all, I think France or US you run into the same types of problems with contractors.  
 
 Talking about wild flowers and plants.. the same is true for Costa Rica.   Plants that only grow indoors with great care in Houston grow like weeds in Costa Rica.  I recommend that on your places to go list.
 
 Merry Christmas, Feliz Natal, and Feliz Navidad
 Later
 Paul
 
  


         
 
    Aaron,
    How are you doing?  How is France?  I imagine that it has been a great
    experience for you to live in another country and get to know another
    culture?
 
    Anyways, I just talked your mom and she let me know that you are a
    dad!!! Congrats!!
 
    Let me know how are things are going?
 
    Paul
 
 
    
 
 
     - Camille2.jpg << File: Camille2.jpg >>
