
 
 State's Outlays for Electricity May Be Hard to Recover Without a Rate Hike
 By REBECCA SMITH, MITCHEL BENSON and JOHN R. EMSHWILLER 
 Staff Reporters of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
 SACRAMENTO, Calif.  even though that would clash with 
 terms of the Feb. 1 law. Robert Miyashiro, deputy director of the Department 
 of Finance, says the emergency law was "drafted poorly" and has led people to 
 believe the DWR "only gets the leftover money." He predicts there will be 
 "cleanup legislation."
 At the request of the Davis administration, the PUC is considering a plan to 
 use a different revenue-sharing formula than the one in the state law. The 
 proposed new formula was written "in close consultation" with Mr. Davis's 
 Finance Department, says PUC President Loretta Lynch, who supports the 
 initiative and is hoping to rush it through.
 The effort has drawn some opposition. Commissioner Richard Bilas at a recent 
 PUC meeting questioned the legality of the commission attempting to change a 
 formula set by the Legislature. PG&E is even more emphatic, since the DWR's 
 extra money could come at the utility's expense. The formula "threatens to 
 undo the very financial protections for the utilities that [the new law] 
 attempted to provide," the utility said in a recent filing with the PUC.
 Balking at Buying
 As politicians and regulators wrestle with that issue, the Davis 
 administration has taken a step to reduce the outflow of state cash that also 
 seems to conflict with the Feb. 1 law. It was widely assumed that the law 
 required the DWR to buy any electricity the state needed to keep its lights 
 on. However, on many occasions, the DWR has refused to buy power on the 
 grounds that it was too expensive, citing a portion of the new law that urges 
 the agency to hold down costs.
 The task of covering any remaining shortfall has passed to the California 
 Independent System Operator, which manages the state's energy grid and is 
 charged with buying power when necessary to avert shortages. However, the ISO 
 doesn't have any power-purchasing money of its own, and the major parties it 
 would normally bill are PG&E and Edison, whose inability to pay their power 
 bills was the reason the state started buying electricity in the first place.
 Amid criticism of its stance from generators, utilities and Wall Street, the 
 DWR says it has started covering more of the utilities' electricity costs. 
 The water agency is now buying 95% to 99% of what California needs in a given 
 day, says the agency's Mr. Hart. But increased buying only adds to the 
 uncertainty about the eventual tab.
 The state's legislative analyst, Elizabeth Hill, recently recommended that 
 lawmakers hold off considering more than $2 billion in state spending on 
 items ranging from college construction to beach cleanups because of 
 continuing questions about the financial impact of the electricity crisis. 
 Like others, Ms. Hill complains that the governor's office and state agencies 
 haven't been forthcoming with information.
 Indeed, the DWR refuses to say precisely how much power it is purchasing and 
 at what prices, though it has on several occasions gone back to the 
 Legislature for more money. State officials say that data on its purchasing 
 activities would give suppliers an advantage in continuing electricity-supply 
 contract talks.
 State Controller Kathleen Connell, who is running for mayor of Los Angeles in 
 an April election, recently announced plans to post state power-spending 
 information on her department's Web site. But within 24 hours, Ms. Connell 
 suspended that plan after discussions with senior Davis administration 
 officials. "I feel very strongly that this information should be publicly 
 released," says Ms. Connell. "I just don't want to do anything that would 
 weaken the state's effectiveness in negotiating."
 In an effort to more tightly control events, the governor obtained 
 legislative approval to abolish the 26-member ISO board, which was made up of 
 everyone from utility executives to representatives of consumer groups. He 
 then appointed a new five-member board. To ensure a quick transition, the 
 California attorney general threatened the old board members with fines of as 
 much as $5,000 each if they didn't immediately relinquish their positions. 
 All did. "I was offended" at the "heavy-handed" treatment, says Karen 
 Johanson, a former ISO board member.
 One of the first acts of the ISO's new board was to close a meeting about the 
 electricity crisis. The former ISO board routinely held such meetings in 
 public. ISO attorneys say the meeting was largely designed as a private 
 briefing for new board members and that the organization is committed to 
 keeping its deliberations as open as possible. The Wall Street Journal and 
 other news organizations have unsuccessfully challenged the closure in 
 Sacramento state court.

