
 
 Entelligence is being used in Houston, so they must have done training here.  
 
 Patti is setting up my meeting with James for Friday.  I just left her a 
 message and asked her to let you know the time that is scheduled for - plus I 
 will leave you a message after I have talked with him.  I hope to have that 
 meeting with James at 10:30.  
 
 Interruptions have been rampant - and I am still not finished with reviews.  
 Shona will actually be in Calgary at the same time that I will be, so we will 
 do her review on the plane, in the airport or at the hotel - and I will tell 
 her about the reorg.  Again, I will leave you a message to let you know that 
 we have had that conversation.  
 
 That's great to have dinner with Lou.  I think that it would be good to find 
 out from him what sort of interaction he has with the London office, what's 
 working, what's not working - in an informal way.  Are they on an Enron 
 network?  Do they get Enron e:mails?  How often does Lou go to London or 
 someone from London mid office come to New York?  I still suspect that New 
 York is somewhat neglected just because of the distance between London and 
 New York and the fact that there seems to be plenty for Mike and his team to 
 chew on in London.  Particularly now with a renewed focus on the scrap metal 
 business.  
 
 Enrjoy the OpRisk Conference.  They tend to be heavily attended by bankers 
 and there focus is that direction as well, but there is a lot that we can 
 glean from what they are doing.  It snowed there a lot yesterday.  Of course, 
 according to Peggy Hedstrom, it is 0 degrees (daytime temp reading) and snowy 
 in Calgary.  
 
 I look forward to seeing you in Dallas.  
 
 
 	Peggy Hedstrom
 	02/05/2001 12:01 PM
 	

















  
 Please mark your calendars for EnTelligence Training on February 22nd.  
 EnTelligence is a system developed by Enron that provides a prospecting and 
 management reporting website combining information from internal and external 
 systems.  New enhancements to the system now provide Activity Detail reports 
 by counterparty.  It also contains Family Tree information for companies 
 (i.e. subsidiaries, division of... etc.).  Avril Forster from the Houston 
 office will be providing the training.
 
 We will divide the training into three sessions on February 22nd  as follows:
 
 10:00 - 12:00 Origination team training
 1:30 - 2:30 Energy Operations team training 
 3:00 - 5:00 Trading team training 
 
 All training will be in the Video #2 boardroom (next to Liz Prior).  Please 
 make every effort to attend this training.  Hopefully, you will find the 
 EnTelligence system a useful tool for each of you.  If you have any questions 
 or concerns, please let me know.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
