
 
 That's the ticket on the recipe.  I can give you some more ideas if you 
 like.  Please let Prentice and me know what we can do to pitch in.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 

 	04/17/2001 03:53 PM
 		 




 		  
 I plan to be booting everyone out of my house before/upon my return from the
 airport, if you catch my drift, but perhaps we can place some people in Amy
 Hood's upstairs abode to slave away?  Or you can just come at 5:30 or 6?
 I've told people to come at 7:30, I think, but I am pretty flexible on that.
 
 Amy Hood will provide salad plates, and I think my regular dinner plates are
 big enough to fit pasta and steak/potatoes/radish salad (which is really a
 garnish anyway).  Does that work?
 
 

   (E-mail); Mari Nayvelt (E-mail)
  
 Chicks,
 
 Friday approaches.  Alison has graciously volunteered to deal with flowers,
 and Amy H is going to make a cake.  Here is my suggested menu:
 
 Champagne/wine/cocktails (I have)
 Savory biscotti to dip into medium-bodied red wine (from Martha Stewart)
 Smoked salmon nori stacks (from Martha Stewart)
 Moroccan salmon on bamboo skewers (from Martha Stewart)
 Fancy-looking crudites presented nicely in glasses and whatnot with
 buttermilk dip (from Martha Stewart) 
 Iceberg wedges with roquefort dressing (Cameron's mom's recipe)
 Steak with wasabi mashed potatoes and daikon radish salad (April 2001 Bon
 Appetit)
 Cake (Amy)
 Port/champagne/etc (I have some)
 
 I am going to go to the grocery store on Thurs afternoon and could
 potentially make the biscotti then.  I have picked things that I think will
 look impressive but not be impossible to get done (a) relatively quickly and
 (b) ahead of time.  I think the mashed potatoes can also be done ahead of
 time.
 
 I may have a conference call on Fri from 9-11, but I hope to put it on mute
 while I chop things.  I will have to do some work and also pick up Bob at
 the airport at 2:30, but any help is welcomed (either in person or on your
 own separately).  Let me know what your plan is and what you'd be interested
 in doing, as well as any questions or concerns you have about le menu.  
 
 This will be soooooooo fun!
 
 SER

 Sarah Rogers
 Solutions Marketing
 Jamcracker, Inc.
 19000 Homestead Rd.
 Cupertino, CA 95014
 p: 408-725-4301
 f: 408-725-4310
 
 www.jamcracker.com - Sounds like a job for Jamcracker.
 
 More about the Jamcracker solution:
 www.jamcracker.com/solution/s1.shtml
 
 Jamcracker in the news:
 www.jamcracker.com/news/n1.shtml
 
