
 
 
 
  and the price ran to $10." Those prices allowed the Gas Co. to essentially apply the difference to the PUC's incentive program.
 The PUC rules allow the Gas Co. to hedge to protect customers from price volatility, but they prohibit speculation in the marketplace. Harrigan said it is difficult to draw the distinction, but he added, "We recognize when we are incurring risk, and have tight controls over it."
 The option purchases, he noted, were initiated by company Chairman Edwin A. Guiles and done in consultation with PUC officials. The options, he said, protected customers from December through March, when the Gas Co. achieved the lion's share of its $223 million in savings.
 'I don't think . . . anyone anticipated savings this large," said Richard Myers, program supervisor at the PUC's Energy Division.
 As the savings mounted through the winter and beyond, PUC officials reassessed the incentive program and questioned whether ratepayers should receive a larger share of the rewards. It was only fair, they reasoned, since customers pay for the pipeline capacity and other assets that allow the utility to beat the market.
 On Friday, the Gas Co. filed a request with the PUC for its full share of the savings along with its proposed settlement with the agency's Office of Ratepayer Advocates and TURN. The agreement, which requires approval from the full commission, would divert more of the savings to customers.
 Rather than the current 50-50 split, the proposed system would give the utility a maximum 25% of the savings.
 "The sharing is not nearly as beneficial to the shareholders," said Anne Smith, the Gas Co.'s vice president for customer services and marketing. "We would have loved to preserve the current [split], but in the interest of ratepayers, we think this is a good deal."
 Although the typical monthly winter bill for Gas Co. customers rose to $80 from $50 a year ago, the price has been dropping in recent months. June's gas cost of 52.1 cents per therm is about 26% over that of June 2000. But that is far lower than at San Diego Gas & Electric, which saw gas costs rise to $1.43 from 34 cents a year ago.
 Executives of SDG&E, which like the Gas Co. is a unit of Sempra Energy, said they have no figures for their incentive program, which runs until July. Pacific Gas & Electric had no gas cost incentive savings this past year.
 The Gas Co.'s large savings and aggressive trading have raised concerns that its activities may have driven market prices higher.
 Although Florio of TURN praised the company for a job well done, he said, "I think one of the reasons they settled is to avoid a big fight" over whether its actions affected the market to the detriment of others.
 "We could have spent three months and not come to a conclusion," he added.
 Brian Cherry, PG&E's director of regulatory relations, said: "Until we can see the details behind the transactions, we are not certain as to what impact, if any, they had on prices at the California border."
 Said Smith of the Gas Co.: "We do firmly believe our actions did not cause prices to go up for other customers." The market, she said, "is almost like a race. Some came out better than others." 