
 
 Scroll down for the Mark Taylor explanation
 
 Sara Shackleton
 Enron North America Corp.
 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a
 Houston, Texas  77002
 713-853-5620 (phone)
 713-646-3490 (fax)

 
 
 

 12/11/2000 09:16 AM






  
 Harry,
 
 Further to our conversation last week, I have listed below, in two segments, 
 the top CTAs who presently manage more than $100mill each, and the top Hedge 
 Funds, based upon their likelihood to manage assets in diversified markets, 
 that may include tangible commodities. My understanding of EOL is that it 
 presently caters primarily to this latter group and offers only tangible 
 commodity trading instruments.
 
 As I explained, the principle difference between a Hedge Fund and a CTA 
 (Commodity Trading Advisor), is the manner in which they control the assets 
 that they are contracted to manage. In the case of a CTA, the money can not 
 be held by the CTA itself. The underlying investor will open a clearing 
 account with a respective Clearing House, the assets will remain in this 
 account and the CTA will trade based on the full monetary value of that 
 account - in many cases an investor may well fund this account with Notional 
 Funding. NF are 'abstract funds' not actually deposited at the Clearing 
 House, but acknowledged as being available should variation or original 
 margin be required. The CTA has no control over these funds. All monetary 
 transactions must be executed by the Clearing House, and must be authorized 
 by the investor. The CTA does have the ability to execute trades at an other 
 trading house - such as Enron, through a contractual document called an 
 International Uniform Give-Up Agreement. We have quite a few hundred of these 
 agreements in NY. Essentially, all parties involved in the execution of a 
 trade - the CTA, the Investor, the Executing Broker and the Clearing House, 
 agree to allow the CTA to trade wherever he/she wishes and Give-Up that trade 
 to the Investor's Clearing House. Since every regulated trade must ultimately 
 clear the respective exchange, for a CTA to trade OTC and Swap agreements, 
 would require prior notification to an investor that his/her money may be 
 required as collateral against such a trade, and would be required to be 
 deposited at Enron. A Hedge Fund has greater flexibility to trade such 
 instruments since in the majority of instances a Hedge Fund does exert 
 control over the funds it manages. A Hedge Fund typically structures its 
 investment vehicles as Off-Shore limited partnership funds. As such the Hedge 
 fund has direct control over the underlying assets and can move those assets 
 to wherever they may be required - if investing via Enron On-Line, it would 
 move the assets to Enron, for example.
 
 This first list, below, is comprised of the top flight CTAs :
 
 
 
 The following list is of Hedge Funds that I believe are trading Commodities 
 and other non-security investments. It is by no means complete ! :
 
 
 
 I would be happy to make any introductions that I can to any of the above 
 names. Some we know well, others we may have to network ourselves into. 
 Caroline and I met a few weeks ago and I passed some names on to her - I am 
 not sure where that has got to yet, but if you need any further information 
 please call me.
 
 Regards
 Cai
 
 
 Enron Trading Services Inc
 520 Madison Ave., 28th Floor
 New York, NY 10022
 Tel: 212.715.5248
 Fax: 212.715.2360

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
