
 
 Hi Dr. Pershing -
 
 Will you please verify the dates again with me?  Is the 3:00 p.m. panel on 
 Monday or Tuesday?
 
 Thanks.
 
 Rosalee
 
 
 
 

 11:08:56 AM

   
 
 Dear Rosalee,
 
  I would again like to thank Mr Lay for agreeing to take part in both
 our IEA ministerial session and in the OECD Forum 2001 - Sustainable
 Development and the New Economy.  As discussed, he is to chair the first of
 two energy panels at the FORUM; his is titled "Fuelling Sustainable
 Development".  On his panel will be Mr Kurt Yeager of EPRI (speaking on
 hydrocarbon issues), Mr Luis Echavarri, the head of the OECD's Nuclear
 Energy Agency (speaking on nuclear power), and Danish Minister of Energy and
 Environment, Svend Auken (speaking on renewables and energy efficiency).
 The panel is scheduled to take place starting at 3pm at the Cit, des
 Sciences et de l'Industrie, in La Villete, in northern Paris.
 
 As I believe I noted in our previous e-mail communications, while the IEA is
 responsible for organising our ministerial session and the substantive
 issues related to the energy panels on the FORUM, the OECD is doing the
 FORUM logistics.  They have therefore asked that I forward to all speakers
 the following note (see below). It asks that Mr Lay provide a number of
 logistical inputs, including a biography and photo, as well as information
 on any remarks he might choose to make. I note that as the chair of the
 first energy panel, he may not wish to make a formal presentation  please consult the Forum
 internet site at http://www.oecd.org/forum2001/about/transport.htm for more
 information.
 
 
 CONFERENCE SOCIAL EVENTS
 
   You are invited to attend the whole Forum. Information about
 social events, included special social events for speakers will be furnished
 to you shortly.
 
 
 ACCOMPANYING PERSONS
 
   We would also be very grateful if you could inform us of any
 persons who may be accompanying you to the Forum.  They will naturally be
 given free entrance to all Forum events.
 
 
 PRESS AND PUBLICITY
 
   The Forum is attracting substantial media attention and we
 would like to know if you would be interested in participating in interviews
 or photocall opportunities.
 

 33.1.45.24.80.94) from the OECD Media Relations Division, is responsible for
 Forum media relations and may be in contact with your office regarding
 possible press opportunities. Please could you confirm the appropriate press
 contact in your office.
 
   If you have any queries, please do not hesitate to contact
 Mr. John West or myself.  Thank you again for your participation in the
 Forum and I look forward to meeting you in Paris.
 
  Your sincerely,
 
 
 Nadine N'Diaye-Robinson
 Internet site and Operations Manager
 OECD Forum 2001 - Sustainable Development and the New Economy
 http://www.oecd.org/Forum2001/

 ( +33 1. 45.24.80.61
 : +33 1. 44.30.63.46
 
 
  - Speaker Admin form.doc
 
