
 
 Municipal utilities warned 
 Governor says he'll seize excess electricity if prices don't come down 
 David Lazarus, Chronicle Staff Writer
 Thursday, May 31, 2001 
 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
 URL: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2001/05/31/MN154796.DTL 
 Sacramento  which Davis 
 insisted they are required to do by law. 
 He met last week with the heads of a dozen municipal utilities and told them 
 explicitly that he would not tolerate gouging from within the state as 
 California faces a summer of potential blackouts. 
 The governor said after the meeting that the municipals had agreed "to make 
 most of their excess power available this summer . . . at prices 
 significantly lower than those being charged on the spot market." 
 Apparently, however, little progress has been made since that declaration. 
 Davis told The Chronicle last night that he is still "trying very hard to 
 promote this notion that we're all in this together." 
 While unwilling to specify which municipal utilities have been most 
 aggressive in their pricing, and refusing to place a dollar amount on how 
 much the utilities charged, Davis said he is prepared to seize up to 800 
 megawatts of output if the they do not change their ways. 
 Eight hundred megawatts is enough power to light about 800,000 homes. 
 Representatives of the various municipal utilities could not be reached for 
 comment, nor could a spokesperson for the California Municipal Utilities 
 Association in Sacramento. 
 "I told them that they will either (reduce their prices) voluntarily or 
 involuntarily," the governor said. 
 UNCERTAIN FUTURE
 It remains to be seen, however, whether the municipal utilities will play 
 ball. To date, they have shown a firm inclination to go their own way. 
 In March, Lodi's municipal utility district and a Northern California 
 municipal utility cooperative that includes Palo Alto, Santa Clara and 
 Alameda told Pacific Gas and Electric Co. that they will not participate in 
 rolling blackouts during power shortages. 
 "I won't arbitrarily screw my customers . . . so 5,000 PG&E customers can 
 turn on their lights somewhere else," said Alan Vallow, director of the 
 utility serving Lodi's 58,000 residents. 

 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 