
 
 someone should tear him a new one, but it is hard to argue any of his points
 
   pay
 attention! You want to know how intimidating Tiger Stadium is?
 * LSU's home record against Alabama the past 16 years is 1-15-1.
 * LSU's home record against SEC teams the past 10 years is 18-21.
 * LSU's home record against Florida's past two football coaches (Galen
 Hall and Steve Spurrier) is 1-6. It's so easy to win at LSU that Hall beat
 the Tigers 16-13 in 1989, and UF officials were so impressed they fired him
 the next day.
 Actually, LSU barely plays better at home than it does away. That 18-21 SEC
 home record over the past decade is only barely better than its 15-23-1
 road
 mark.
 Has any venue been more of a one-hit wonder than Tiger Stadium, which has
 been living off Billy Cannon's famous 1959 punt return for nearly a
 half-century now? Bo Donaldson and the Heywoods had Billy Don't Be a Hero;
 LSU had Billy Do Be a Hero.
 Not just anybody goes into Tiger Stadium and wins; everybody and his
 brother
 does. UAB did last year. Houston did in 1999. In the past three years, Ole
 Miss, Alabama, Auburn, Florida and Georgia have. Are we leaving anybody
 out?
 Oh, yeah, I almost forgot: Kentucky has, too.
 ESPN college football analyst Lee Corso says it's not Tiger Stadium that's
 so tough; it's Tiger Stadium at night that's so tough. "If you check it out
 over the last few years, I'll bet you they win eight out of 10 home games
 at
 night," he said.
 Not so fast, my friend.
 "Well, then, how about seven out of 10?" Corso said.
 Wrong again.
 In the 1990s, LSU was 35-21 at home at night; that's barely six out of 10.
 And a lot of those victories came against moonpies such as Arkansas State,
 Western Carolina and Pinky's Cosmetology Institute.
 Its name is Tiger Stadium; they should call it Pussycat Pavilion.
 Opponents call it Death Valley; they should call Life Blood.
 It's time to stop spreading the biggest lie in all of sports. That Tiger
 Stadium mystique everybody talks about is really nothing more than a Tiger
 Stadium mirage.

 
 
 Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com
 
 
 
 
 
 This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
 privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
 please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
 use of the email by you is prohibited.