
 
 Thanks for the note back.... yeah, I am still kicking.... and I am sure you know this that it will take a little more than a bankruptcy to shake this guy... when I grab on , I grab on tight.... 
 
 Sorry for putting you through the inconvenience of having to read our documents.. I think we have all had to dust off the paper... but I sincerely hope most of it is behind us. 
 
 I knew Karen was at Progas, glad to hear that she is enjoying work... 
 
 I have not been to Calgary since May, and am not sure when I will be back up... and if it will be on a permanent of temporary basis.... all in all Houston is treating us pretty good.  Work really has been great and I have such a good marketing region... california, arizona, Denver.... vegas... are some of the highlights... so when I need to, I go blow a few braincells out in one of these fine regions..
 
 Kim is working a little ( 2 shifts in 1 year).... she may have to pick up the pace on that effort... ( she is fighting me on that one)... House is good, weather right now is great... 80 degrees ( all the time)... there is something to be said about living in shorts and sandals... 
 
 Better run, take care, talk soonest. 
 
 BT 
 

    
 
 We just moved over to our new building yesterday and i was moving my
 rolodex and your card popped up... 
 
 Everything good by you? 
 
 BT 
 
 
 
 
 This email communication is intended as a private communication for the sole
 use of the primary addressee and those individuals listed for copies in the
 original message. The information contained in this email is private and
 confidential and if you are not an intended recipient you are hereby
 notified that copying, forwarding or other dissemination or distribution of
 this communication by any means is prohibited.  If you are not specifically
 authorized to receive this email and if you believe that you received it in
 error please notify the original sender immediately.  We honour similar
 requests relating to the privacy of email communications.
 
 Cette communication par courrier ?lectronique est une communication priv?e ?
 l'usage exclusif du destinataire principal ainsi que des personnes dont les
 noms figurent en copie.  Les renseignements contenus dans ce courriel sont
 confidentiels et si vous n'?tes pas le destinataire pr?vu, vous ?tes avis?,
 par les pr?sentes que toute reproduction, tout transfert ou toute autre
 forme de diffusion de cette communication par quelque moyen que ce soit est
 interdit.  Si vous n'?tes pas sp?cifiquement autoris? ? recevoir ce courriel
 ou si vous croyez l'avoir re?u par erreur, veuillez en aviser l'exp?diteur
 original imm?diatement.  Nous respectons les demandes similaires qui
 touchent la confidentialit? des communications par courrier ?lectronique.