
 
 ON THE GRID OR OFF THE GRID
 Bigger Is Better
 An interstate electricity highway could leverage economies of scale to keep 
 the lights on Burton A. Weisbrod, Glen E. Weisbrod
 Sunday,?February 25, 2001 
 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
 URL: 
 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/02/25/S
 C177059.DTL 
 WE COULD HAVE left it to the states. When the Interstate Highway System was 
 proposed nearly 50 years ago, we could have said, "Leave it to each state to 
 decide on its roads and to pay for them, or leave it to private enterprise to 
 build toll roads wherever it is profitable." Fortunately, we didn't. 
 Today, vehicles can travel throughout the country on a system of integrated 
 high-capacity roads that crisscross the nation. There are many differences 
 between the flow of cars or trucks and the flow of electricity. But just as 
 the Interstate Highway System ushered in a new era of easier movement of 
 people and goods across the states, allowing enormous economic and social 
 gains, so, too, do we now need to overcome the obstacles to the easy flow of 
 power across state lines. 
 Many forces are at work contributing to California's electricity crises, and 
 power shortages in other parts of the country also are quite possible. The 
 growth of population and industry in California has expanded demand for 
 electricity. Legislative constraints, reflecting environmental protection and 
 other concerns, have discouraged construction of electricity-generating 
 plants. 
 Periodic shutdowns of generation plants for maintenance have caused short- 
 term power shortages. And, in an oddity of California law, the prices that 
 power producers can charge distributors are deregulated, while the prices 
 that those distributors can charge consumers are regulated and restricted. 
 But largely missing from the debate of what can be done to balance supply and 
 demand is discussion of an effective national power grid that would permit 
 substantial amounts of electricity to flow, as highway traffic does, from one 
 state to another. 
 Interstate transmission connections do exist now, but are limited in 
 capacity. They were primarily designed to meet temporary needs associated 
 with local power emergencies, not for sustained use. If those interstate 
 lines were upgraded to greater capacity, then we could move toward actually 
 creating a national power grid. 
 An effective national power grid could result in far more competition among 
 producers of electric power across the nation, and far more options to meet 
 demand in any local area. No state or region would need to depend simply on a 
 small number of generating producers within its borders, and the increased 
 number of interstate competitors would bring greater assurance of supply and 
 lower prices. 
 The underlying problem is basically one of incentives. With the maze of 
 state, and federal regulations on the production, distribution and pricing of 
 electricity, there is great risk and little incentive for private 
 construction of costly transmission lines that cross multiple state borders. 
 Imagine a power plant in state A, but near state B, with that plant 
 occasionally having excess production capacity. There is no market for the 
 power in state B, but there is demand for it in state C, which is adjacent to 
 it. In a smoothly functioning, efficient, power transmission system, power 
 would move from the generating plant in state A, across the border for use in 
 state B, thereby permitting deals so that power produced in that area could 
 be sent to state C. Through such a domino-like process, power available in 
 one region effectively can help alleviate a shortage in another area - with 
 only a series of relatively short-distance transmissions. 
 Development of such an integrated electricity transmission network is what 
 the federal government can and should foster. It would strengthen the nation; 
 it would expand options for users; it would increase competition among 
 suppliers, to the benefit of consumers; it would overcome the multiplicity of 
 state regulations that have the effect of restricting incentives for 
 profitable interstate power transmission. 
 The Interstate Highway System did not solve all the problems of the nation's 
 escalating population of cars, and it was not cheap. But, designed to 
 maximize interconnections between metropolitan areas, with ample systemwide 
 capacity to spare, it did transform the country, binding the 48 contiguous 
 states into an integrated whole. 
 The effect: reduced costs and increased "exports" of California fruits and 
 vegetables to the Midwest, and reduced costs, along with increased exports of 
 Midwest manufactured products to the West. 
 Just as it does not make sense for every state to act like a separate 
 country, building roads just for its own residents, or growing all of its own 
 food supply, it is equally inefficient for each state to independently 
 develop its own power supply. It is foolish to find electricity producers in 
 one state claiming that they should not "help out" consumers in another 
 state. 
 A nationwide system would take better advantage of differential electricity 
 demand in various parts of the country, seasonally and even in the course of 
 a day. 
 To consumers and industrial users in California, the effects of a national 
 electricity transmission grid would be real and enduring, but not 
 spectacular. It would, however, go far to achieving the quiet result that 
 every consumer seeks - lower prices, more reliable electric power supplies. 
 There is no single solution to California's energy crisis, but developing a 
 national interstate electricity highway system would go far toward addressing 
 it. Local power distribution within a state would remain a matter of state 
 control. The federal government's role would be largely to provide financial 
 incentives for constructing additional interstate transmission capacity, and 
 to establish standards for its design and utilization - just as is the case 
 with the Interstate Highway System. 
 A survey of history and government professors conducted by the Brookings 
 Institution last year identified the Interstate Highway System as one of the 
 Top Seven governmental achievements of the last 50 years - along with 
 rebuilding Europe after World War II and expanding the right to vote. An 
 interstate electricity highway system could well be among the top 
 achievements of government in the next half-century. 
 MACRO POWER TRANSMISSION
 WE HAVE AN ELECTRIC power crisis in California. In fact, we have two 
 problems: a short-term problem and a long-term problem. 
 Short term, the problem, from the consumer perspective, is: 
  by summer. He has promised to speed up the 
 approval process and provide bonuses to builders who finish before July. 
 The state also established an $800 million conservation program this year. 
 But Borenstein said that many of the ideas floating around for spending the 
 conservation money are for efforts that would not help for about another 
 three years. 
 ON NATIONAL MATTERS
 During yesterday's show, Davis also weighed in on President Bush's tax-cut 
 proposal and former President Bill Clinton's controversial last-minute 
 pardons. 
 The administration should wait for a tax cut until the money is available, he 
 said. 
 "All of us who have been in government for a while have seen the roller- 
 coaster ride of surpluses and then shortages and surpluses and shortages," he 
 said. "Clearly, people need tax relief, but it should be moderated to the 
 point where we don't kill the golden goose, which is a strong, growing 
 economy. " 
 Although he received a significant campaign donation from the father of 
 Carlos Vignali, the Los Angeles drug kingpin, Davis told show host Tim 
 Russert that he never spoke with the family about the presidential pardon 
 Vignali received on Clinton's last day in office. 
 Davis said he did not have enough information to know whether the pardon was 
 a mistake, but, he said, "there's something about them in general that 
 doesn't ring right." 
 "However," he said, "people expect us to focus on things that matter to them, 
 and they really want to see progress on education, the environment, tax 
 relief, health care." 
 Asked by Russert whether he is going to run for president in 2004, Davis did 
 not rule it out but said that only re-election to the governorship in 2002 is 
 on his horizon. 
 "I'm focused on keeping the lights on and making our schools better," he 
 said. 

 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A1 