
 
 The west desk also supports these comments.
 
 



  
 FYI re: a Duke/Enron answer to APS' reply to our protest.  I will forward 
 Arizona PS's reply to Steve, and Mary.  Alan and Bob, let me know if you 
 would like to see it.
  and agree that APS' response
 doesn't make sense.  I believe that the Commission has
 required Entergy to provide more study data to a generator in one of last 
 year's
 complaints against Entergy (either Dynegy or NRG?).
 
 **What about a response on the "must -run" issue (p. 27-28).  I think APS is 
 trying to 
 back door the Arizona proposed requirements (that are still being fought and 
 are
 not accepted?)  This is a big issue and APS' response does not address our 
 arguments other
 than stating that Must Run should be required in the IA.  I do not
 know of any other interconnection agreements that have must-run provisions.
 *    Transmission credits (APS Answer, at 30-31):  APS claims that
 transmission credits are appropriate only for firm service, a proposition
 the Commission just rejected in the ComEd order issued on 12/8/00.Absolutely 
 agree that it
 should be for firm and non-firm.
 *    Monthly Direct Assignment Charges (APS Answer, at 32-33):  We should
 consider clarifying our position on this issue, which APS appears to
 misunderstand. APS argues that, in our protest, we addressed the cost of
 modifications, not the cost of operation and maintenance, and thus were
 comparing apples to oranges.  This is not true.  Rather, what we argued is
 that we should not be responsible for the cost of operating and maintaining
 any facilities for which we were not responsible for the initial
 installation cost.  APS apparently missed the point.I agree.
 *    Willful Action (APS Answer, at 33-37):  APS essentially argues that
 the strict liability provisions in the IA are appropriate because it cannot
 make a profit by entering into an IA.  Unlike with respect to transmission
 service, it recovers only its actual costs.  APS  ignores the fact that, by
 interconnecting a generator, APS will ultimately generate transmission
 revenue.  APS also ignores the benefits that new generation bring to the
 table.   APS has not justified why the liability provisions are "consistent
 with, or superior to" the pro forma tariff and why a generator should be
 required to bear the consequences of APS' negligence and, in many
 instances,
 intentional misconduct, particularly where APS is not provided any
 incentive
 to act prudently, simply because APS receives no profit.I agree.  APS' 
 proposed restrictions
 are wholly unwarranted and are outrageous.  There are no other 
 interconnection agreements
 (that I know of) containing anything remotely similar.
 
 Please let us know how you'd like to proceed.  If you have any questions,
 let us know.  Thanks.
 
 Gretchen
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
