
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 April 4 , 2001 
 Interested in subscribing to the Forecast? 
 ?
 
 
 
 
 
 UCLA FORECASTERS SEE NATIONAL RECESSION AS INEVITABLE IN 2001; CALIFORNIA 
 WILL NOT BE IMMUNE, WITH BAY AREA VERY SUSCEPTIBLE
 
 
 
 
 
 ? 
 LOS ANGELES  
 is also quite likely. 
 "The strong increase in residential building permits seen during the 
 November-January period will likely be short-lived," said Dr. Lieser. "We 
 expect to see declining home prices in the Bay Area this year. Southern 
 California will also experience slower home sales and a lower rate of price 
 increases." 
 Higher energy prices, the economists argue, may pose a greater problem for 
 other states than for California, because of the state's lower per capita 
 consumption. On a per capita basis, California ranked 49th out of 50 in 
 electricity consumption and 26th in natural gas consumption, both in 1999. 
 Even with the state's notorious dependence on the automobile, it still ranks 
 only 15th out of the 47 reporting states in per capita gasoline consumption. 
 And while the recent brownouts and blackouts may not perceptibly affect 
 California incomes and employment in the short term, a prolonged electricity 
 crisis could discourage business expansion significantly in the longer run.
 The UCLA Anderson Business Forecast is the most widely followed and 
 often-cited forecast for the state of California, and was unique in 
 predicting both the seriousness of the early-1990s downturn in California and 
 Southern California, and the strength of the state economy's rebound since 
 1993. 
 The Forecast was presented at an all-day conference at Korn Convocation Hall 
 at The Anderson School at UCLA. In addition to providing the outlook for the 
 state and national economy, the conference examined the economic impact of 
 California's energy crisis through a series of panels led by some of the 
 nation's most prominent authorities. Speakers included Loretta Lynch, 
 president of the California Public Utilities Commission, Mark Bernstein, 
 senior policy analyst at RAND Corporation, Barry Sedlik, manager, economic 
 and business development, Southern California Edison, and Joseph M. Otting, 
 executive vice president, Union Bank of California. 
 
 
