
 
  would promote construction of new power generating plants in 
 the energy-starved state.
 
 PG&E plans to create a limited-liability unit, NEG LLC, for its non-regulated 
 companies. Included in the new unit will be Athens Generating Co., Badger 
 Generating Co., Hermiston Generating Co., Lake Road Generating Co., La Poloma 
 Generating Co., Liberty Generating Co., Madison Windpower, Mantua Creek 
 Generating Co., PG&E Dispersed Generating Co., PG&E Energy Trading-Power, 
 Pittsfield Generating Co., and USGen New England Inc.
 
 ``This reorganization would insert NEG in the ownership chain between PG&E 
 Corp and its direct, wholly-owned subsidiary NEG,'' FERC said in its order. 
 ``The stated purpose of this reorganization was to facilitate NEG's credit 
 rating and future financings, either by NEG or on behalf of the 
 subsidiaries.''
 
 FERC rejected claims raised by California officials and companies that the 
 corporate reorganization plan would hurt competition.
 
 ``There is only speculation that the transaction will increase the 
 possibility of non-payment by PG&E and deter non-affiliate suppliers from 
 selling power to PG&E, thus resulting in diminished power supplies in 
 California,'' the FERC order said.
 
 The majority of commissioners said they believed the opposite to be true.
 
 ``By improving the ability of the NEG companies to obtain higher credit 
 ratings, the reorganization may increase the likelihood that lenders will 
 finance PG&E's electric generation construction projects in California,'' the 
 order said.
 
 FERC also said the utility's financial problems pre-date the corporate 
 reorganization.
 
 Commissioner William Massey voted in favor of a rehearing but was overruled 
 by FERC chairman Curtis Hebert and Linda Breathitt. Massey previously 
 objected to PG&E's plan, expressing concern that such a corporate 
 reorganization might hurt ratepayers and competitors.
 
 The NEG LLC's companies are not subject to the Federal Power Act.
 
 California lawmakers have been trying to work out a detailed plan to provide 
 immediate and long-term relief to both utilities.
 
 FERC is a five-member independent agency that regulates interstate 
 electricity, natural gas and hydropower issues. Two seats are currently 
 vacant.
 
 
 
