
 
 Leslie,
 
 Greg has forwarded this on to John Greene for handling.  I believe you and 
 John have been in communication.  I did let John know you were wanting to 
 schedule a high-profile meeting, asap.  John will be in contact with your 
 office today or tomorrow.
 
 Many Thanks,
 
 Liz Taylor
 
 
 
 



   
 
  <<Enron Proprietary Trading Proposal III.doc>> Dear Greg and John,
 
      Following up on the call we had with John
      on March 19, the attached Executive Summary
      describes a joint venture between Enron & WR Hambrecht,
      a securities capability focused initially on proprietary
 trading
       of common stocks in the technology sector as the first
 phase
      of a relationship which could expand further to take
 advantage
      of financial market opportunities including equity
 derivatives trading
      and market making, fixed income agency block and
 principal trading,
      fixed income and hybrid securities derivatives, and ECNs.
 The
      financial model provided envisions supporting a
 relatively small
      initial effort to control enterprise risk as well as to
 provide a setting
      wherein Enron and WRH can begin to work together.
 Economics
      should scale well in tandem with the amount of committed
 and
      reinvested capital.
 
      In order for Enron to investigate this JV opportunity in
 depth, we
      would like to propose as a next step a meeting at your
 offices wherein
      we may speak at some length to our ideas for
 collaboration.
 
      In addition to this proposal, as discussed, we remain
 interested in
         exploring a separate effort focused on the area of lease
 securitization
      and would appreicate your guidance on how to proceed with
 initial
      conversations within Enron on this front.
 
      Thanks for your consideration. I look forward to speaking
 with both
      of you.
 
      Leslie Mueller
      Head, Corporate Marketing
      415-551-8615

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  - Enron Proprietary Trading Proposal III.doc
 
