
 
 Hey guys,
 
 PSA's are a hot topic, and I have a call into Lisa Bills to discuss it.  Lisa 
 has been out of town for a few days, as has the GF TurboPark lawyer, Rose 
 Engeldorf.  Rose is being seconded to ENA for TurboPark issues, and will be 
 back in the office tomorrow.  We should sit down with Rose and puzzle through 
 the issue.  
 
 As for the "standard" EECC form PSA, it is a real bear.  Carlos has recently 
 worked on a TurboPark/97-10 compliant form, and is waiting for Global Finance 
 blessing.  He was going to talk to Bart about his experience, which could 
 also add some extra insight.
 
 When you guys have some time it is probably worth taking a half hour to 
 discuss it.  
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 
 	Steven Rose
 	03/12/2001 12:38 PM
 		 

 		  		  Broward County, FL
 
 Renee,
 
 I let you a voice mail message about this on Friday.  We have up until now 
 been using the landscape architecture firm of Curtis-Rogers, working under a 
 subcontract with Parsons Brinckerhoff, on the Deerfield Beach and South Dade 
 sites.  Steve Krimsky has decided that he wants to use EDSA (another 
 landscape architecture firm we've used on Pompano Beach) to complete the 
 landscaping design work on Deerfield Beach, and to have them work directly 
 for ENA rather than as a sub to PB.  I've already discussed this at length 
 with Doug Smith, one of the principals at EDSA, and have e-mailed him a large 
 quantity of design information and got EDSA kicked off to do the work.  Doug 
 is supposed to send me a summary of EDSA's NTE costs for the tasks I 
 identified to him, which I will forward to you as soon as I get it.
 
 EDSA is now working on the Deerfield Beach landscaping on the basis of my 
 conversation and e-mail, and their preliminary deliverables are due Friday 
 March 16 (i.e., the end of this week).  We need to get a PSA and TL set up 
 between ENA and EDSA to formalize this arrangement.  I would like you to 
 draft these two documents ASAP so that we can get the proper contract 
 documents in place as quickly as possible.
 
 I will forward to you via separate e-mails the various documentation you will 
 need to help put this together.
 
 I'm working at home today (typical ENA vacation day!), so you can reach me on 
 my cell or at home if you want to talk about this.
 
 My numbers are:
 
 Cell:  713-854-4971
 Home:  281-655-0185
 
 Thanks in advance for your help with this task.
 
 Regards,
 
 Steve
 
 
 
