
 
 Please forward this to all ETS lawyers.  DF
 
 All:  Please take a look at this article.  El Paso's inartful internal 
 documents are creating the same kind of fun for them that Microsoft had 
 during the recent antitrust unpleasantness.  I know that we can't control the 
 way people think about issues such as market behavior, price strategy, etc.  
 We can, however, remind ourselves and our clients to be very precise and 
 careful in the way we talk about, and particularly, write about, such 
 issues.  I'd like each of us and our clients to keep problems like El Paso's 
 and Microsoft's in mind when we put pen to paper or fingers to keyboard.  
 Thanks.  df       
 
  the basis spread. 
 In an interview, Mr. Smith, the El Paso Merchant executive, said that the 
 unit's prices, and profits, on bulk gas sales in California were locked in 
 months in advance, so that the company could not benefit from rising prices 
 in the spot market. 
 Otherwise, Mr. Smith declined to provide any details about money made on the 
 pipeline deal or about financial terms of the transactions that locked in 
 prices ahead of time. In addition, Mr. Smith said that nearly all of El Paso 
 Merchant's pipeline capacity was used every day when prices spiked late last 
 year, with no capacity withheld to increase prices. 
 The company did not respond last week to a request to discuss information in 
 the sealed documents. But El Paso Merchant, in a filing with federal 
 regulators, said California's complaint had ''misconstrued and incorrectly 
 interpreted'' what it termed ''snippets of data.'' 
 About This Report 
 This article and others on California's energy problems are part of a joint 
 effort with the PBS series ''Frontline'' that will result in a documentary 
 later this year.
 
 
 Photo: The El Paso Natural Gas pipeline passes near Topock, Ariz. A dispute 
 over bidding for its use has spurred a debate about oversight of the 
 industry. (John Gurzinski for The New York Times)(pg. A17) Chart: ''Boom 
 Times'' Operating revenue and net income soared last year at the El Paso 
 Corpor 2/3ation, which sells, transports and trades natural gas. Graphs of 
 the operating revenue and the net income for the El Paso Corporation. 
 (Source: Company reports)(pg. A17) Chart: ''A Spike in Prices'' The spot 
 price for natural gas produced in the Permian Basin of West Texas doubled 
 last year. But the price that power generators paid when the gas was 
 delivered to Southern California rose almost 10-fold. State regulators say 
 the gap is evidence of market manipulation. Graph showing the spot price of 
 gas delivered to Southern California and the spot price of gas bought in the 
 Permian Basin, from September to March. (Source: Gas Daily)(pg. A17) 
 
 
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 
