
 
 FYI.  Many similar stories in the major papers today.
 Best,
 Jeff
 Figures show state lost big on extra power 
 Posted at 9:53 p.m. PDT Monday, July 23, 2001 
 BY JOHN WOOLFOLK 
 Mercury News 
 State figures show California may have lost about $14 million this month 
 selling surplus electricity for less than it cost. 
 The Mercury News disclosed last week that some power was being sold at a 
 loss. But the new figures provide the first indication of just how much 
 excess power the state bought in its desperate effort to avoid blackouts  $14.5 million less than it cost. 
 A more precise calculation of the state's loss is difficult because purchased 
 power is acquired at different times and prices and pooled as a 
 ``portfolio.'' 
 Purchases included long-term contracts that averaged $138 per megawatt-hour 
 as well as cheaper spot-market buys. 
 State officials last week said they were selling surplus at $15 to $30 a 
 megawatt-hour, while some traders cited unconfirmed sales as low as $1. 
 Hidalgo noted that the surplus sales represent just 5 percent of California's 
 July purchases, which totaled $415 million. The $6.5 million from sales will 
 help lower the state's power bill, he said, adding that utilities routinely 
 sell some extra electricity. 
 ``Despite the fact that we're in somewhat of a surplus, any power-buying 
 operation in the world is going to have to plan for these types of 
 situations,'' Hidalgo said. ``It's not unique, and in fact it's normal 
 operating procedure for any utility.'' 
 Other Western utilities, including Portland General Electric in Oregon, have 
 said they, too, are selling some surplus power at a loss and describe it as a 
 cost of doing business. 
 The suppliers buying the state's surplus electricity on the cheap include the 
 big out-of-state energy companies that the governor has called price-gouging 
 ``snakes.'' Among them are Duke Energy, Dynegy Power and Marketing, El Paso 
 Power Services, Mirant, Reliant Energy and Williams Energy. 
 `Best bid' taken 
 Hidalgo said the state took the best offers it could find. 
 ``It's only reasonable to get the best bid you can,'' he said. 
 Campbell said the $14 million loss is troubling because ratepayers or 
 taxpayers will have to cover the cost, whereas a private utility could be 
 forced to eat the expense if regulators determined it was unreasonable. 
 State officials say what's more important is that the overall cost of power 
 is dropping, from an average daily tab of $64 million in May to $25 million 
 this month, in part because the state has so much power. 

