
 
 NOT-SO-GOLDEN STATE 
 Looks Like a Recession 
 Economy on the edge 
 Michael J. Boskin
 Sunday, July 22, 2001 
 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
 URL: 
 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/07/22/I
 N144927.DTL 
 California, the world's fifth largest economy, the global capital of 
 technology and entertainment, is teetering on the brink of a serious 
 recession. 
 Unemployment is rising, job creation is falling and respected forecasters are 
 painting a bleak future for the state. 
 California is not alone. Nationally, the employment picture is also 
 troubling. Income is flat. Industrial production has been shrinking for nine 
 months. Only the mighty consumer has kept the economy going. 
 The key problem is the slowdown in information technology spending, so 
 important for California. Once the engine of productivity growth, and the 
 source of rising standards of living, the double-digit pace of those spending 
 increases slowed dramatically, beginning in the second half of last year. 
 Since then, Silicon Valley companies have experienced sales declines of 5 to 
 10 percent, not calamitous drops, but compared to the 40 percent growth they 
 had been used to, an enormous gap. Hence these companies have been cutting 
 back on everything from production to personnel to facilities. The "new 
 economy," it turns out, is not immune to the basic laws of economics. 
 Nationally, the most respected "blue chip" private forecasters believe we 
 will avoid a recession. They see the economy growing just over 1 percent this 
 year and by 2 to 3 percent next year. 
 Having been more optimistic for some years, I became more pessimistic last 
 year, and remain so despite the Federal Reserve's interest rate cuts and the 
 Bush administration's tax refunds. Whether we skirt the technical definition 
 of a recession  California will reemerge as the leader of a 
 strong national economy, providing opportunity, mobility and still higher 
 standards of living. 
 Michael J. Boskin was chairman of the President's Council of Economic 
 Advisors from 1989 to 1993. He is now a senior fellow at teh Hoover 
 Institution and the the Tully. M. Friedman Professor of Economics at 
 Stanford. 