
 
 Thanks for the update.  Good luck in NY.   Mark
 
 
 

 	01/08/2001 08:56 AM
 		 


 		  
 Gentlemen -
 
 We are currently in the processing of serving/delivering the GOM Guarantee 
 demand and the PPA Meet and Discuss Letter.  Ken Lay approved the delivery in 
 a conference call this morning.  Our attention will then turn to the GOI 
 Guarantee demand (can be served a week from today), the Notice of Arbitration 
 under the GOM Guarantee and anticipation of injunctive relief being sought by 
 our counterparties to stay any arbitration and collection/payment on the 
 guarantees.
 
 We are scheduled to meet with the lenders in NY tomorrow.
 
 Bruce
 
  perhaps there are 
 other reasons for their current position.
 
 We are meeting with the international banks in NY on Tuesday.  Our main goal 
 is to convince them to continue to fund and to use their influence to have 
 the India banks do the same.
 
 The current India legal crisis team is nearly identical to the 1995 India 
 legal crisis team.  The same law firms and lawyers (both Indian and 
 international) are continuing to play much the same roles.
 
 We have not identified any particular "holes" in Dabhol's legal position.  
 While the India newspapers have offered up various theories that might allow 
 MSEB to cancel the PPA (frustration of purpose, etc.), none seem compelling.  
 No counterparty has offered up any of these theories directly to DPC.
 
 In the short term, we are preparing (1) a demand under the GOM guarantee and 
 (2) a "meet and discuss" letter under the PPA.  The current plan is to serve 
 these next week.  We are also preparing (3) an arbitration notice under the 
 GOM guarantee, (4) a demand under the GOI guarantee and (5) an action against 
 MERC.  MERC is the Maharashtra Energy Regulatory Commission.  They have 
 issued "orders" over the last year limiting the amount of power that MESB 
 buys from Dabhol.  We do not believe that they have jurisdiction to do so.  
 We may or may not ultimately file this action.
 
 Let me know if I can provide any further information.
 
 Bruce
 
 
