
 
  it's about senior citizens, 
 disabled kids and convalescent facilities."  Today also happened to be the 
 legislative day for the California Association of Health Facilities (the 
 nursing home trade assn.), and several nursing home workers were apparently 
 asked to sit at the back of the room for effect.
  
 Cotchett said FERC has been told for 3 years that there were opportunities to 
 exert market power.  He also claimed that a Redondo Beach facility (obviously 
 AES) was fined $8 million by FERC for taking its plant off-line and 
 substituting higher rates.  He said, however, that this order had been sealed.
  
 He cited an industry report that predicts 260 hours of blackouts this summer, 
 which could mean four hours a day.  That could be, he said, "potentially the 
 ruination of a lot of medicine in refrigeration."  Cotchett noted that only 
 hospitals with more than 100 beds are exempt from blackouts, which does not 
 protect surgical centers or many health facilities.
  
 Jerry Brown added that "prices are unjust and people are suffering."  
 Continued high prices could mean "potential civic disruption," and that there 
 will be "more actions to mobilize" Western mayors.
  
 Liz Figueroa spoke briefly to reiterate the health aspects of the lawsuit.
  
 Burton had mentioned Clark Kelso, who regularly appears on TV here as a legal 
 expert and I believe was a colleague of Justice Anthony Kennedy, in his Press 
 Club appearance.  He said Kelso had appeared regularly in the media early on 
 to say that the state had no standing to file the suit. Burton's lawyer's 
 sent him the brief, and Kelso thought enough of it to join the legal team.
  
 Kelso reiterated that FERC has been aware of potential market power for three 
 years, and that the commission has delayed action unreasonably.  It has 
 failed to define "fair and justifiable"; that failure, he said, violates the 
 Equal Protection and Due Process clauses of the Constitution.
  
 Kelso said this is not a partisan issue, and called upon "fellow Republicans" 
 to support the effort.
  
 Joan Breuner (sp?), Oakland's vice mayor, said only that she believed that if 
 the energy situation were happening in Texas rather than California, the 
 president and FERC would have acted long ago.
  
 During the Q&A session, Cotchett said the urgency filing is necessary because 
 "5 generators supply 90%" of the electricity in CA and all five have rate 
 renewals before FERC.  He also said one of the cases that is relevant is Bush 
 v. Gore, in which the Supreme Court found that failure to set standards 
 (regarding elections, obviously, in that case) violates the Equal Protection 
 clause.  He also said six states have expressed interest in the case and have 
 requested briefs:  Oregon, Nevada, Arizona, Washington, Minnesota and one 
 other he didn't name.  None of these states has yet committed to joining the 
 suit.