
 
 This looks fantastic.  I apologize profusely. I've got a dozen assigments to 
 finish by COB.  But having read this, you obviously needed no help from me.  
 Let me know how the call with Riordan goes.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 
 	Karen Denne
 	05/11/2001 02:16 PM
 		 


 		  
 Ken and the sharp rise in ratepayers' bills that would follow, 
 Riordan said. 
 ?????Natural gas, which provides 26% of the fuel for DWP plants, causes less 
 air pollution than coal, which provides 51%. The rest is mainly nuclear and 
 hydroelectric. Los Angeles has averted rate hikes and blackouts in part 
 because the DWP relies less on natural gas than most other California power 
 providers. 
 ?????"I favor clean air and more natural gas, but not to the point where 
 we're going to destroy the economy of Los Angeles," Riordan said. 
 ?????On the Mohave plant, Riordan questioned the benefit of selling the 
 city's share to a buyer that would simply continue running it. 
 ?????"It's still going to be coal-driven," he said. "How does selling it help 
 the environment?" 
 ?????The tension between the two has built steadily as the state power crisis 
 has worsened. With the charismatic DWP chief drawing favorable news coverage 
 in stories on how L.A. has dodged the crisis, Riordan and the DWP 
 commissioners began to view him as "too big for my britches," Freeman said. 
 ?????The conflict reached its peak on April 17, the day Freeman resigned to 
 become the governor's advisor. The DWP board president, Kenneth T. Lombard, 
 said the mayor told commissioners that day that "it made the most sense to 
 release him immediately." 
 ?????"All we were doing, frankly, was release him from his responsibilities, 
 and then whatever time he needed to clean out his office was fine with us," 
 Lombard said. 
 ?????From Riordan's standpoint, Freeman needed to be stripped of his 
 authority right away because of a potential conflict of interest: The city 
 utility sells surplus power to the state, so Freeman would be on both sides 
 of the sales. 
 ?????Freeman, who had voluntarily bowed out of a DWP meeting on the state 
 power crisis earlier that day, was outraged at his sudden release, in part 
 because he was denied the chance to say goodbye to agency employees. In an 
 interview, he called the conflict of interest assertion "complete malarkey." 
 ?????"The insinuation that I have done anything less than protect the 
 interests of the city of Los Angeles is bordering on slanderous, considering 
 what I've accomplished here," he said. 
 ?????Brian D'Arcy, who heads the union local that represents 6,000 DWP 
 employees, agreed that Riordan and his commissioners "kind of ran him out of 
 here. For David to be summarily jettisoned out of here without even a 
 howdy-do is absolutely tacky," D'Arcy said. 
 ?????Riordan said Freeman deserves "an A-plus" for his work at DWP. The mayor 
 conceded that he knew of nothing that Freeman had done "to hurt Los Angeles." 
 But, he added, "when you have a conflict of interest, you have to act before 
 anything happens." 
 ?????Freeman has long bridled at the oversight of DWP, not just by the mayor, 
 but by the agency's board and the City Council. In 1998, he called for City 
 Charter amendments to consolidate authority in a more independent board of 
 directors. The proposal went nowhere. 
 ?????Freeman's concerns were echoed in a report to be released Monday. The 
 Rand Enterprise Analysis report was commissioned by the DWP. It calls for 
 restructuring DWP management much the way Freeman proposed. But Riordan and 
 Galanter, who chairs the Council's Commerce, Energy and Natural Resources 
 Committee, rejected the concept. Copyright 2001 Los Angeles Times 
 
 
 
