
 
 One hundred and forty two hours ago, I wandered into the Houston Casino, not 
 really sure why other than a free floating anxiety that could only be 
 appeased by attending to the ministerial tasks in life that so frequently 
 make us forget how good life is.  So after a rousing game of tennis on Friday 
 morning while my children were frolicking with Dede's 3 children at the 
 Houston Country Club, I tackled my desk and made head way to no where. After 
 trashing 457 emails, I opened the the 458th.  And then it came to me.  An 
 epic. A history. A sense of time, commitment and value. A place where my 
 roots are (as you all know, my mom and dad are buried in a family graveyard 
 200 feet from the only barn not burned in the Shenandoah valley during the 
 Civil War and which was used a Yankee hospital).  And of course there is the 
 hope of sustaining energy to cope with this lackluster, stressful career in 
 the Casino. 
 
 And the Gods must have seen this coming too.  Being meager and always wanting 
 to commit small, I sought only volume 1 of the opus.  Not to be found.  
 Plenty of volume 2s and 3s but not a volume 1 to be found.  Other than in the 
 sole, 3 volume set, neatly packages in the box, high up on a lonely shelf.  I 
 knew I was on the right track when the person behind me tried to grab it out 
 of my hands.  I fought and won.
 
 I'm now on page 32 having met Jefferson Davis and Dear Abe.  At this rate 
 I'll be finished in about 4 years, a true history of the war.
 
 May Shelby be with us all  providing sustaining .......
 
 es
 
 
 
 	Christian Yoder
 	04/16/2001 11:12 AM
 		


 		  
 I'm sure there's a scholar out there who has already published that big 
 magnum opus on "Dogs in the Civil War."  However, Shelby Foote doesn't 
 mention a single dog in his work and so the topic hasn't entered my 
 imagination.  Your name is Patrick Cleburne.  I'm sorry about the gender 
 thing, but your spirit and behavior is the same as his and you're going to 
 have to go through this reading cycle bearing my comments about his behavior. 
 I'll try to work in some dog analogies if I can.  Cleburne was a German 
 Shepherd if there ever was one.  I would have hated to be across that line 
 looking at his formation over there.   cgy 
 
 
 
 
 
