
 
 Joannie:
 
 Thanks
 Here is the message for Jeff:
 
 
 
 Jeff,
 
 I am asking you on my behalf and on behalf of Rick Causey to make a keynote presentation
 at the annual Energy Finance Conference at the University of Texas at Austin. The conference
 is tentatively scheduled to take place on February 21 - 22, 2002. Depending on your calendar, the
 conference organizers can reserve a time slot for your presentation at the conference dinner
 (February 21, 2002, Thursday) or lunch (February 22, 2002, Friday).
 
 This annual conference is devoted to financial engineering in the energy business. The topics covered
 in the past meetings  included applications of real options technology to the energy business, risk management
 and the future of deregulation. The agenda of the last conference is attached for your review; the agenda
 for the 2002 event is under development.
 
 
 Given Enron's relationship with UT and our interest in the Energy Finance program, 
 a great source of highly skilled talent for our Analyst / Associate Program, we think that your participation
 will benefit the company. The conference is widely attended by senior executives of other
 energy companies and is an excellent forum to present Enron's accomplishments and the 
 agenda for the future.
 
 
 Vince Kaminski
 
 
  
 
  

  
  
 Rick / Vince:
 
 Greetings.  I trust this e-mail finds you both well.
 
 Further to my discussions with Vince two weeks ago, I write you at this
 time in my capacity as Director of the Center for Energy Finance Education
 and Research (CEFER).  As we did in Feb. '01, my colleagues and I are
 planning a practitioner-industry Conference in Spring 2002, tentatively
 scheduled for 2/21 - 2/22/02.  The Conference will kick off with a
 dinner/keynote address Thur. evening, then continue all day Fri.
 
 I would like to extend an invitation to Enron Corp. President Jeff Skilling
 to be the keynote speaker at the Thur. evening dinner or the Fri. lunch
 (whichever he prefers).  I appreciate your kind offer to relay this
 invitation to Mr. Skilling's office for his consideration.  If at this
 stage he has timing constraints in the late Feb. - early March 2002 period,
 we would be happy to work around them in the scheduling of the Conference.
 
 Although the format for 2002's conference may differ from that used in Feb.
 2001, for completeness I enclose herewith a copy of the 2001 Conference
 Program.
 
 With thanks for your intercession on our behalf,
 Ehud Ronn
 
  - 2001 Conference schedule1.doc << File: 2001 Conference schedule1.doc >> 
 
 