
 
 Jay:
 I'm comfortable with our participation.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 

 	06/20/2001 03:43 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 Jeff,
 Aside from a potentially more viable purchaser of curtailment in the CDWR, 
 are there any new concerns that you have with us participating in the ISO DRP 
 program..... we are presently getting ready to execute contracts with 
 Homestake Mining and a second EOP / Johnson and Johnson contract covering 
 another 10MW of curtailment and I thought it appropriate to check with you 
 (like we did prior to the first signing).  I'm primarily interested in 
 whether or not you are concerned about this being consistent with our other 
 efforts.
 Thanks,
 j
 
 
 

 
   
 
 Notice to Winning Bidders in the California ISO's Summer 2001 Demand Relief
 Program (DRP):
 
 Over the last few weeks, Loads participating in the ISO's Demand Relief
 Program raised the question of financial backing of payments for
 participation in the program.  As you know, under the current version of the
 ISO's Demand Relief Agreement (DRA), costs of the DRP are charged to metered
 Demand including exports, and payments are made to participants from market
 funds received from Scheduling Coordinators (SCs) on a pay-when-paid basis
 pursuant to DRA Section 6.2.  In response to the concerns over backing by a
 creditworthy party, the ISO approached the California Department of Water
 Resources (CDWR/CERS) to provide this financial backing.
 
 CDWR/CERS has concluded that it will not provide backing for the program as
 it is now designed.  Discussions continue with CDWR/CERS and it appears that
 backing may be provided, albeit for a modified program design.  The ISO will
 publish details of such modified program when they become available.
 
 With respect to Loads under Demand Relief Agreements that have been signed
 by both the Load aggregator and the ISO, the Load aggregator can choose to
 remain under the existing agreement's terms, which do not include credit
 support.  In that case, the ISO will deem the DRA to be in full force and
 effect, and subject to the uncertainty of payment timeframe under the
 pay-when-paid provisions.  Alternatively, the ISO will allow Load
 aggregators to terminate their Demand Relief Agreements if they provide
 written notice to the ISO by June 13, 2001.  If the ISO does not receive
 notice of termination from the Load aggregator by June 13, the ISO will
 dispatch the Loads in accordance with the terms of the existing DRA.
 
 With respect to Loads for which DRAs have not been signed by both the ISO
 and the aggregator, the ISO is willing to go forward with the signing of
 DRAs with such parties under the existing terms, which, again, do not
 include credit support.  Aggregators wishing to go forward on such terms
 should contact the ISO as soon as possible.
 
 When details of a modified program design by CDWR/CERS become available, the
 ISO will permit parties with signed DRAs to "convert" to the new program by
 terminating the DRA and signing a new agreement.  Additionally, the ISO will
 offer the same opportunity to participate in the new program to winning
 bidders in the ISO DRP that choose not to sign the existing DRA.  We will
 provide details regarding the new design and contract terms as soon as they
 are completed.
 
 Mike Dozier
 ISO Manager of Contracts
 
 
 
