
 
 Energy Firms' Mixed Message Is Focus of Inquiry 
 
 Deregulation: Senate panel will investigate whether suppliers were being 
 misleading when they promised lower rates for consumers while they were also 
 predicting bigger profits for investors. 
 
 By ROBERT J. LOPEZ and RICH CONNELL, Times Staff Writers 
 
 In the summer of 1999, a top official with a major player in California's 
 power market testified during a congressional committee hearing in support of 
 speeding up deregulation. Unleashing market forces, said the Dynegy Inc. 
 executive, would ensure "maximum customer savings" and "low-cost power." 
 That same month, the Houston-based firm made a far different pitch to Wall 
 Street: Deregulation and major swings in electricity prices would boost 
 revenue and stock value. "We know how to take advantage of volatility spikes 
 across the gas and power market," Chief Executive Officer Charles Watson 
 declared in a publication targeting large investors. "The energy 
 marketplace," he predicted, "will simply get more volatile." 
 Dynegy was not alone, a review of federal filings, company documents and 
 public records shows. In the years since California's pioneering deregulation 
 plan was approved, other major out-of-state energy suppliers were sending 
 similar, seemingly contradictory signals to the public and stock buyers.
 Now, those divergent messagestheir earnings 
 and stock prices have risen at record rates as electricity prices have soared.
 "The big lie was, while they were telling ratepayers to 'Trust us, we're 
 going to lower your rates,' they were planning the entire time to raise the 
 rates," said San Diego attorney Michael Aguirre, a former federal prosecutor 
 who specialized in fraud cases. Aguirre is representing state ratepayers in a 
 class-action lawsuit against the power companies.
 Just last month, California's independent grid operator reported that many 
 power sellers "used well-planned strategies to ensure maximum possible 
 prices." Potential overcharges could total nearly $6.3 billion. 
 The Senate panel wants to track information that Dynegy and other generators 
 were providing to the investment community in the 1990s as a possible way of 
 determining whether they entered the California market with plans to run up 
 electricity costs. Among many other things, the committee plans to seek 
 internal projections of how the firms expected wholesale prices and profits 
 to rise under deregulation. 
 Members also want to know how the suppliers expected to recoup billions in 
 outlays for California power plants being unloaded by regulated utilities. 
 Some of the purchases were far above book value, stunning analysts.
 "What did they know that the rest of us didn't at the time they were 
 purchasing those generations facilities?" asked Dunn. "They knew something."
 One thing the power wholesalers say they did know was that tight power 
 supplies in California would probably boost prices, at least for a time.
 "They were going anywhere where they thought energy [use] would spike 
 upward," recalled market analyst Joan Goodman, who was familiar with company 
 pitches. "California was one of those places because it didn't have 
 sufficient [power] plants."
 Duke Energy projected that prices would rise after 2000, although the company 
 says it did not foresee the huge increases that occurred, according to 
 spokesman Williams.
 However, when the company sealed one of the first packages of power plant 
 purchases in the state in 1997, Chief Executive Officer Richard Priory said 
 in a press release it would "deliver greater value" to California customers.
 The publicity spin was similar when Edison's sprawling beachfront power plant 
 in El Segundo changed hands the following year. "Consumers in California will 
 begin to benefit from more competitively priced electricity and more vibrant 
 economy," announced Craig Mataczynski, vice president of Minneapolis-based 
 NRG Corp., a partner in the purchase with Dynegy.
 
 Big Growth Was Predicted
 Utilities reaping profits from plant sales also trumpeted the consumer 
 windfall theme. Electricity rates would drop 20% by 2001, Pacific Gas & 
 Electric's top executive, Robert Glynn, said in early 1998. "There is no 
 product bought on a daily basis that has such a predictable downward price 
 trajectory into the future."
 But to its Wall Street audience, the power suppliers emphasized climbing 
 revenues.
 Atlanta-based Southern Co., now Mirant, told investors in 1999 that its plan 
 to buy plants and market power had brought the company to the "doorstep of 
 significant growth opportunities."
 "We believe our strategies will result in the best shareholder return 
 available," Bill Dahlberg, then-chief executive officer, said shortly after 
 buying three California plants.
 Mirant spokeswoman Jamie Stephenson said assurances given the public and 
 assumptions directed to Wall Street were "just a different way of delivering 
 the same message." The firm was saying it would be "reliable to shareholders 
 and reliable to consumers."
 Now, with rolling blackouts and record electricity bill increases, federal 
 and state authorities are alleging that large energy suppliers played the 
 power market too hard.
 Last month, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission said it found evidence 
 of $124 million in "unjust and unreasonable" charges during the severest 
 periods of electricity shortage. The commission, often criticized for being 
 too lenient on private power companies, ordered the firms to refund the money 
 or further justify the charges.
 Some firms are contesting the findings, saying the prices they charged were 
 justified. 
 Investigators and regulators have faced a vexing challenge trying to unravel 
 the complex financial workings of the large power traders. The companies 
 closely guard information, and some recently refused to comply with subpoenas 
 from the state Public Utilities Commission, which is also probing the power 
 market.
 Whether the Senate investigating committee will have the resources and 
 tenacity to get much further remains to be seen. But Democrats and 
 Republicans alike insist they are serious about untangling how the power 
 market went haywire.
 "I haven't seen that much smoke where there hasn't been a fire," Dunn said. 
 
 Copyright 2001 Los Angeles Times 