
 
 this article mentions your chapter of sigma chi.
 
  
 while a sorority there promoted a "slave auction" fund-raiser. The Sigma
 Chi
 fraternity at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln burned a cross at one of
 its ceremonies.
 
 Such incidents leave college administrators, especially those assigned to
 foster diversity, wringing their hands.
 "We've been working so hard to do the right thing, and then something like
 this happens," Doyle Bickers, Auburn's director of admissions, said
 Wednesday of the warped Halloween humor. "It breaks your heart."
 
 "You can't escape your history," added Jim Hardin, an adviser in the
 student
 life center. "When something like this comes up, the question is, 'Have you
 really changed, or are you just putting on a good front?' "
 
 What has changed at Auburn, according to many black students, who make up
 7.2 percent of the student body, is the administration's swift and open
 reaction.
 
 Interim President William F. Walker immediately condemned the costumes as
 "shocking and outrageous" and suspended the fraternities, Beta Theta Pi and
 Delta Sigma Phi. He attended a meeting of the Black Student Union and
 promised a thorough but swift investigation, which is expected to be
 completed within 10 days. Stories on the incident were displayed on the
 university's Web site.
 
 Delta Sigma Phi has expelled the two members who dressed as a Klansman and
 his lynching victim, and suspended four others.
 
 "Similar things have happened before," said Roland Harris, a junior
 management information systems major and member of Phi Beta Sigma, one of
 four historically black fraternities on campus. "But this time a lot of
 people saw it, and they have to do something."
 
 Auburn admitted its first black student, surrounded by 100 Alabama state
 troopers, in 1961. The first black man pledged a traditionally white
 fraternity in 1984, and there currently is one black pledge among those 24
 fraternities.
 
 Auburn's overall black population is still less than at most Southeastern
 Conference universities, but stepped-up recruiting efforts led to a 24
 percent increase of African-Americans admitted to this year's freshman
 class. One sign of changing times: The university's Student Government
 Association president is an African-American.
 
 "We were finally beginning to say, 'Thank God, we're making some headway,'
 and here comes this sad, unfortunate, damaging incident," said John
 Bello-Ogunu, head of the university's office of multicultural affairs. "It
 will no doubt be detrimental to our efforts to attract not only minority
 students, but faculty and other staff as well."
 
 Bello-Ogunu said the administration's reaction has been "on the mark." He
 added that more action is needed, including diversity training for
 fraternities. At the invitation of university officials and students, the
 Southern Poverty Law Center will conduct a "mass workshop" on tolerance on
 Wednesday.
 
 Prentice Gilbert, an Auburn senior who oversees the campus' historically
 black fraternities and who has helped recruit black students, said it will
 take time to remedy the Halloween incident's impact.
 
 "I have to keep reminding myself these were the actions of a few
 individuals
 who do not represent Auburn as a whole," Gilbert said. "This is the most
 devastating blow we could take."
 
 "The bottom line is, do we really want to be the 'Auburn family'?" he
 added.
 "If so, we really could become the loveliest village on the plain, as our
 motto says."
 
 
 Ned Hansen
 Senior Recruiter - Medical Marketing
 LucasGroup
 Recruiting Excellence Since 1970
 
 3384 Peachtree Rd, Ste 700
 Atlanta, GA 30326
 404-239-5630 Ext. 160
 Fax: 404-239-5694
 800-466-4489

 www.LucasCareers.com <http://www.LucasCareers.com>
 
 
 
 
 
 This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
 privileged, proprietary, or otherwise private information.  If you have
 received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the
 original.  Any other use of the email by you is prohibited.