
 
 Sunday works for me, and we can meet in my office.  But if it's OK, 10 AM 
 works better for me.  Let me know.
 
 And Anil has very graciously offered to coordinate the power point 
 presentation for the project.  And having worked with Anil on another project 
 that required power point, I can vouch that he is at wizard with the 
 technology.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 

 	04/16/2001 07:10 PM
 		 



 		  
 Sunday 9AM works for me. Jeff, can we meet at your office?

 I will cancel with Diane for my commitment during Thursday break, so we can
 definitely meet then. How does meeting on Sunday morning work for everyone?
 Say around 9am-ish? 
 - Carolyn
 
 Carolyn M. Vavrek
 Manager - Human Capital Advisory Services
 Deloitte & Touche
 50 Fremont Street
 San Francisco, CA 94105
 
 phone: 415-783-5137
 fax: 415-783-8760

 
 
 
 
 
 Jeff Dasovich
 
 Sent by: Jeff  

 ,

 Guinney'"
 
 
 04/16/2001  Model(Document link:
 10:52 AM Jeff Dasovich)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 OK folks. It's about 80% of the way there. My brains are oozing out
 looking at cells, so I want to get this around so Mark can get started on
 refining assumptions and other folks can examine as well. I'll continue to
 check it and de-bug it. Mark, you and I should talk, too. (You'll note
 that at this point, the valuation is in the $30s, so there's work to! do.)
 Apologies in advance for any errors (and I'm sure they're there).
 
 If anyone has any questions on the model, just let me know.
 
 I think we ought to get together to meet this week as much as possible to
 start getting the power point presentation together. And perhaps we should
 think about meeting this weekend?
 
 In the meantime, I'm pulling together the data on Buffet (Berkshire
 Hathaway) stock performance, etc., and will also do the financial ratios,
 including Dupont, for OAT.
 
 Does this work for folks? Other thoughts?
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 (See attached file: OAT Valuation 0416.xls)
 
 
 This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information
 intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law. If
 you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and are
 hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this
 message, or the taking of any act! ion based on it, is strictly prohibited.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Do You Yahoo!?
 Yahoo! Mail Personal Address
 
 - Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
 
 
 
 
 
 This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information
 intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law. If
 you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and are
 hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this
 message, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited.Syun
 
 Do You Yahoo!?
 Yahoo! Mail Personal Address - Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
