
 
 FYI.  Per our call today, some press from Saturday referencing PG&E's 
 opposition to having Comrade Davis buy its Tx assets.
 
 
 Power-Lines Deal
 Davis, Edison come to terms but PG&E remains a balky holdout 
 Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau
 Saturday,?February 24, 2001 
 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
 URL: 
 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/02/24/M
 N184206.DTL 
 Gov. Gray Davis said yesterday he had reached an agreement with Southern 
 California Edison to put the state's financially ailing utilities back on 
 their feet - but Pacific Gas and Electric Co., crucial to any deal, remained 
 a holdout. 
 The key to the deal is state purchase of utility transmission lines, which 
 would help the companies pay off debt they piled up selling electricity for 
 less than it cost them. Edison will part with its lines for $2.76 billion, 
 Davis said. 
 But PG&E is reluctant to sell, and the governor said no deal will work 
 without PG&E. 
 In addition to agreeing to sell its transmission lines, Edison said it would 
 produce inexpensive power to sell to the state for the next 10 years. 
 At a news conference in Los Angeles, Davis said the agreement in principle 
 with Edison "provides value to both sides. The utility gets the financial 
 wherewithal to go back into business and keep our lights on. We get 
 commensurate value in specific benefits, which provide us long-term power at 
 very cheap rates." 
 Davis' framework for righting California's wobbly energy market, however, 
 hinges on a similar agreement with PG&E. Those familiar with the talks 
 involving the utility, based in San Francisco, said discussions are moving 
 "very, very slowly." 
 "They are adamantly resistant to selling their transmission facilities," said 
 Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Boulder Creek. 
 Ron Low, a spokesman for PG&E, did not comment on Keeley's statement, but 
 after talks concluded Thursday, Low said the two sides were "very far apart" 
 on some issues. 
 In a statement yesterday, PG&E Corporate Chairman Robert Glynn said the 
 "discussions were an important milestone in the resolution of California's 
 energy crisis." 
 "Each utility's issues and opportunities in this crisis are different, and we 
 believe that PG&E has proposed a detailed solution that balances ratepayer 
 and shareholder interests," Glynn said. "We are confident that continued 
 discussions can achieve a resolution for our company." 
 Davis said he made "good" progress with Sempra Energy, the parent company of 
 San Diego Gas & Electric, but only "some" progress with PG&E. 
 Davis ruled out a deal that does not include PG&E. 
 "I don't believe we can make a satisfactory arrangement without acquiring 60 
 percent of the transmission lines. That, in turn, requires us to have an 
 arrangement with PG&E," he said. The other 40 percent of the grid is owned by 
 municipal utilities. 
 Keeley said Davis is right to insist that PG&E be part of any deal. 
 "I think the deal announced is a good first step, and will hopefully put 
 pressure on the other companies," Keeley said. 
 CRITICS CALL DEAL BAILOUT
 The purchase price set for Edison's transmission lines is 2.3 times the 
 system's book value. Although critics argue that represents a bailout, 
 supporters of the plan say the lines are worth far more than book value. 
 For example, the cost to replace all the utilities' transmission lines  The other shoe: ''Some progress'' reported in talks over a similar deal 
 with PG&E, which is reluctant to sell its lines. 
 Source: Associated Press 
 Other Developments 
 ENERGY FORECAST
 California enjoyed its second straight day without a power alert. Lori 
 O'Donley, spokeswoman for the California Independent System Operator said 
 continued warm weather around the West and completion of maintenance on some 
 power plants that had been out of operation kept the state above the percent 
 reserve mark. O'Donley said the state should remain out of the danger zone 
 during the weekend. 
 MORE MEGAWATTS COMING
 Mirant Corp., announced that it signed a contract to provide 750 megawatts of 
 power to the state during the month of March. "We became more confident in 
 our ability to enter such a contract after we received full payment from the 
 Department of Water Resources for a bill due Feb. 20," said Randy Harrison, 
 executive director of the company's western operations. 
 INDEPENDENT SYSTEM OPERATOR SETTLEMENT
 Three generators reached a settlement with the California Independent System 
 Operator to continue to supply emergency power to California until March 18 
 even though it is unclear who will pay for much of that power. 
 Reliant Energy Inc., Williams Cos. and Dynegy Inc. signed an agreement that 
 effectively extended a U.S. District Court judge's temporary restraining 
 order that had required the generators to supply power to the power grid 
 operators. 
 In the meantime, the three generators, along with Duke Energy Corp. and 
 Mirant Corp., have asked the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for an 
 emergency order forcing the Independent System Operator to provide a 
 creditworthy buyer for their power. 
 The federal commission on Feb. 14 told the system operator that it could not 
 force generators to take on "unacceptable financial risks" by selling without 
 a reasonable expectation of being paid. 
 CONSERVATION REWARD
 State Sen. Don Perata, D-Oakland, said he will propose legislation to give $1 
 billion to customers who conserve on their electricity bills during the 
 summer months. Perata claims that his bill, which would pay consumers a $10 
 refund for every megawatt hour saved, would reduce the amount of money that 
 the state would have to spend buying power on the expensive spot market. 
 Source: Chronicle staff report 
 Chronicle staff writer Patrick Hoge contributed to this report. / E-mail 

 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A1 