
 
 John:  Please keep this confidential, but as you can see, this is not at all 
 what I'm looking for.  I need what we discussed yesterday.
 
 Thanks,
 Jeff
 
 
 
 	Lynnette Barnes
 	03/23/2001 12:19 PM
 		 


 		  		  
 Ventura County Star February 27, 2001 Tuesday 
 
 Copyright 2001 Ventura County Star ? 
 Ventura County Star 
 
 February 27, 2001 Tuesday 
 
 SECTION: News; Pg. A01 
 
 LENGTH: 579 words 
 
 HEADLINE: State not a major power glutton 
 CHARGES FALL FLAT: Statistics show California to be cautious user of energy 
 supplies 
 
 BYLINE: Andrew Bridges; The Associated Press 
 
 BODY: 
 LOS ANGELES  well below No. 4 
 Texas, No. 20 Washington and No. 27 Oregon, according to statistics from the 
 Energy Information Administration, part of the U.S. Department of Energy. 
 
 When looking specifically at per-capita electricity consumption, California 
 ranks 49th. The state's residents use 60 percent as much electricity as the 
 average American. 
 
 For air conditioning alone, a typical California household uses one-third the 
 amount of electricity as a household in Texas or Florida, according to the 
 U.S. Department of Energy's 1997 Residential Energy Consumption Survey. 
 
 Experts say both weather and conservation measures play large roles in that 
 figure. 
 
 "It's a different climate, so even if you do have warm summers, they're not 
 humid (in California), so you don't have the big, huge air conditioning load 
 you see in Florida or Texas," said Robert Latta, the survey's manager at the 
 Energy Information Administration. 
 
 California also uses electricity, as well as natural gas, oil and coal, more 
 wisely than most states thanks to aggressive conservation efforts started 
 during the oil shocks of the early 1970s, federal and state data show. 
 
 Key to those efforts are stringent standards for new homes and commercial 
 buildings that dictate such guidelines as the types of windows and lighting 
 that can be used to the amount of insulation. Roughly 60 percent of the 
 electricity used in California goes to heat, cool and light those structures. 
 
 "If (California) is not the leading state, they are at least tied for it" in 
 efficiency standards, said Ed Wisniewski, deputy director of the Boston-based 
 Consortium for Energy Efficiency. "Historically, they have been very 
 progressive, and many of the programs we advocate nationally were started in 
 California." 
 
 The California Energy Commission, which shapes state energy policy and 
 planning, estimates California's average demand for electricity at any given 
 time at about 50,000 megawatts. That figure would be much greater if not for 
 conservation efforts, Rosenfeld said. "If we used as much electricity as 
 Texas, we'd be a 100,000-megawatt state," he said. 
 
 Texas has more heavy industry, less stringent conservation mandates and a 
 harsher climate. On the residential side, Texans use 50 percent more energy 
 per household than Californians, much of that for heating and cooling. 
 
 LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2001 
 
 
