
 
 The following are my comments on the draft interconnection agreement.
 
 In the sixth "whereas" (page 1) (and Sections 3.4 and 5.1.6) the contract 
 states that either the generating company or the generating company's 
 customers are responsible for entering into a separate service for 
 transmission service.  In any given transaction this may be incorrect and 
 therefore must be changed.  Specifically, a third person may in fact be 
 responsible for taking the transmission service and the generator may have no 
 ability (or privity of contract) to require this entity to take transmission 
 service from Sierra Pacific.  For example, the generator may sell the power 
 to Dynegy, who may sell it to Sierra Pacific who might then be buying the 
 transmission service.  
 
 The eighth "Whereas" (page 1) (and Sections 2.18, 3.1, 31.7, E.4.1, E.4.2, 
 E.8.2, E.8.3, E.8.4, E.8.6, E.8.7, E.11.10, E.11.11, and E.12.) state the 
 generating company is willing to maintain the generating facilities in 
 accordance with good utility practice and enter into a WSCC Reliability 
 Management System (RMS) Agreement.  I would like to point out that some 
 generators do not like to commit to the "good utility" practice standard or 
 to be bound by the RMS agreement.  Enron has signed the RMS Agreement.  I 
 doubt Sierra will be willing to sign this if we oppose the good utility 
 practice standard.  This is especially true because BPA is insisting on this 
 standard in the context of negotiating RTO West and, in order for RTO West to 
 form, BPA must agree to join.  Enron is very interested in RTO West forming.  
 If you want to oppose the Good Utility Practice standard, we had better 
 develop a good rationale for being opposed to it and a justifiable 
 alternative standard.
 
 Section 1.1  Contrary to our requests, this section still states that the 
 agreement will become effective on the date which FERC permits it to become 
 effective.   This is not the way the OATT operates.  Rather, if Enron and 
 Sierra cannot develop a consensual interconnection agreement, Enron asks 
 Sierra to file an unexecuted interconnection agreement with FERC (as we have 
 done) and service begins pursuant to the terms and conditions of Sierra's 
 open access tariff.  Service here is governed by the transmission open access 
 tariff because FERC has determined that interconnection is the receipt point 
 portion of transmission service and that if a public utility does not have a 
 separate tariff governing the procedure for requesting the interconnection 
 portion of transmission service than the procedure established in the OATT 
 applies.  The FERC has determined that filings under Section 212 (and 
 therefor 211) of the Federal Power Act are no longer necessary because the 
 customer simply requests service under the OATT.  Requiring the customer to 
 wait until the FERC decides the agreement should become effective would 
 completely  undermine the purpose of Order No. 888.
 
 Section 1.2 After, "by both parties" add "however, if the parties cannot 
 agree to execute this agreement, System Owner shall file this agreement 
 unexecuted with FERC as provided by the terms of the OATT."
 
 Section 1.6.2   Three years advance written notice is too long.  A reasonable 
 notice period would be rate.  EPMI would also agree to provide VArs at 
 Sierra's discretion, subject to this rate, in the case of an Emergency.  
 Otherwise, EPMI would be foregoing the opportunity to provide real power 
 (instead of VArs) to the market at a market-based rate, and it might be 
 subject to having such transactions cut at Sierra's "discretion" without 
 being assured the cost of cover.  Accordingly, the rate standard of cost or 
 foregone revenues would not be compensatory.
 
 D.3 EPMI opposes this provision to the extent that it could be read to 
 require EPMI to provide free Black Start Service.
 
 D.4 Since the generator is not taking the delivery portion of transmission 
 service, it is not required to buy or self provide any ancillary service 
 including regulation and frequency response service of real-time load 
 -following service.  Accordingly, this provision should be deleted.
 
 D.5 EPMI opposes the second sentence of this paragraph and it should be 
 deleted.  Sierra should get ancillary services from the market.
 
 E.2 Change "minimized" to "minimize."
 
 E.2.4 Oppose requirement to notify Sierra of defects in generator "may affect 
 System Integrity."
 
 E.4.1.3 EPMI opposes giving the Control Area Operator authority to "approve" 
 Planned Outage Schedules.
 
 E.4.4 Once again EPMI would oppose the use of the term "System Integrity" 
 here as too high as standard.
 
 E.6.5 The second sentence gives the Control Area Operator too broad authority 
 to preclude Planned Outages.
 
 E.7.1 Add the word "the" on line 4 after "at."
 
 E.8.1 EPMI opposes requiring the Generator to receive prior Control Area 
 Operator authorization to undertake any action that is "reasonably likely to 
 have an adverse impact of System Integrity," especially adjustment of the 
 amount of real and reactive power it delivers to the Transmission system 
 under E.8.1.1.
 
 E.8.2.2 Because VArs could be sold as real power, System Control should not 
 be allowed to "establish the range of voltages or voltage schedules."  
 Rather, Sierra Pacific should negotiate with EPMI to buy the level of voltage 
 support it requires.  See also E.8.9 establishing power factors.
 
 E.8.4 EPMI does not have a problem with operating its AGC within WSCC limits 
 but it will not be providing this Ancillary Service free to Sierra.  We need 
 to negotiate compensation.
 
 E.8.6 Giving Sierra "sole discretion" to determine "unacceptable 
 deterioration of the quality of service over its Transmission System" is too 
 broad.
 
 E.9.2 "Repots" should be "reports"