
 
 Davis trying to spin out of energy crisis 
 Energy advisers have ruthless reputation 
 Ken Garcia
 Saturday, June 23, 2001 
 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
 URL: 
 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/06/23/M
 NN116485.DTL 
 No matter how much you try to spin the facts, the truth usually topples out. 
 This will explain why Gray Davis is suffering from a reality blackout, 
 because no one spins harder or faster than our opaque leader, who, quite 
 equitably, is suffering his own power crisis. 
 Why Do You Think They Call Him Gray has an unrelenting black-and-white 
 problem. How can he explain away his indecision in grappling with the energy 
 crisis sooner, his inability to hammer out a deal with the utilities and 
 power suppliers before they had the state handcuffed and his frantic response 
 to spend $40 million in public funds to purchase future electricity without 
 offering consumers the details of the pact? 
 The truth is, he cannot, although he has tried mightily. And to that end he 
 made one of his biggest mistakes yet  not politics 
 - - as required by law. 
 Until obfuscation and misdirection become part of the official state code of 
 ethics, it's fair to say Connell is on pretty firm ground. Or as one member 
 of a tax protest group put it: "We are adding insult to injury to have the 
 governor who feels the pressure of this crisis to spend this kind of dough 
 for damage control." 
 Damage control is not supposed to incite more damage, but right now Davis is 
 a metal helmet in an electrical storm. His arrogant treatment of state 
 voters, his refusal to shoulder responsibility and his efforts to spin his 
 way out of trouble has left even die-hard Democrats searching for a more 
 palatable replacement. 
 That decision will come next year when Davis is up for re-election. And the 
 millions of people who chose him because he seemed a safe but dull choice 
 will now realize that there is little solace in gray areas. 
 Since the governor is involved, it seems apt to call it a cautionary tale. 
 But by the time the spin doctors are through, it may start to sound more like 
 an urban legend. 
 You can reach Ken Garcia at (415) 777-7152 or e-mail him at 

 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A - 13 