
 
 FYI
 
  
                                                                                            
                     Pam Ross                                                               



















































































                                                                                                                                      
 
 
 
 
 TO: CMTA Energy Committee
 FROM:      Dorothy Rothrock
 SUBJECT: Legislative Update
 
 As of this morning, we have not seen language from the Senate to replace
 the SBX2 78 that passed out of the Assembly last week.  Rumors are that the
 elements of SBX2 78 will be broken apart into separate bills, put into
 Assembly bills now in the Senate, and sent over to the Assembly for
 concurrence today or tomorrow.  There will probably be a hearing in Senate
 Energy this afternoon on the issues.
 
 We have been working to gain bipartisan support for direct access, assuming
 that it will be pulled from the MOU and run as a separate bill, if at all.
 It is likely that direct access as a stand alone issue does not have the
 votes because of concerns about small customer opposition and a big
 business "jail break."  Our only chance is a coalition of Republicans and
 moderate Democrats that requires the CPUC to suspend direct access, letting
 customers currently on direct access maintain (and renew) their contracts,
 and hopefully preserving the right for future direct access without fees if
 there is net short.  Given the short time we have left, and that we have no
 leverage if the issue is separate from the SCE MOU, I fear this is a long
 shot.
 
 In the absence of legislation to overturn ABX1 1, the CPUC will probably
 suspend direct access later this month.  The proposed decision would leave
 open "the effect to be given to contracts signed before today, including
 renewals of such contracts" to a later decision. (Draft proposed decision
 issued September 6, 2001, not yet acted upon.)
 
 The other information at this time is that the Senate will propose MOU
 language similar to what originally went over to the assembly in SBX2 78 -
 a cut-off for paying SCE debt of greater than 20kw (probably 100kw and
 over) and no direct access.  SCE has previously stated that this is
 insufficient to allow them to issue bonds, thus no creditors could be paid
 and bankruptcy would follow.  CMTA will oppose an MOU bill that proposes a
 disproportionate spread of the debt without any counterbalancing value to
 us such as direct access.
 
 Another piece of this puzzle is the Renewable Portfolio Standard  (SB 532)
 that was attached to the SBX2 78 in order to gain some Democrat support in
 the Assembly.  SB 532 bill got stuck in assembly U&C, but will come over
 from the Senate in another bill.  CMTA worked to get some improvements in
 this bill, including a procedure that could lower the cost cap from 1.5
 cents and in exchange withdrew opposition.  We are NOT in support. My guess
 is that this bill could pass in the Assembly, and I wanted to make it
 "better." The other business groups have not yet determined their
 positions.
 
 I will call Pam with updates to share with you in the next few days.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
