
 
 Orlando;
 
 I am ok with the your suggestion.  Hope you are doing well.  
 
 Mark
 
 
 

 	04/17/2001 06:18 AM
 		

 		  		  
 In order to finalize the board composition for the Annual shareholders 
 meeting to be held on April 30 I suggest the following:   
 
 The board according to the by laws has permanent members (min 4, max 7) and 
 alternates (min 2, max 4).  We are also required to have an employee 
 representative as a permanent member and an alternate.  We would like to have 
 a maximun participation of local residents in order to facilitate board 
 meetings.  
 
 Permanent members:                            Alternates:
  Employee rep                                        Employee rep
 Orlando  Gonzalez                                  Jim Hughes,
 Joe Kishkill                                               John Novak
  Rebecca McDonald                                Jeff Sommers
 Jim Derrick
 Joao Carlos Albuquerque
 Britaldo 
 Soares                                                                        
                                                           This allows for 
 five local residents and the Houston membership we needed.  I would like your 
 opinion as soon as possible so I can discuss with Rebecca in order to elect 
 the board on April 30th.  Thanks Orlando
 
 



 
  
 I am ok with your slate, but need some Houston people on board as well.  I 
 think we can shorten the Houston list by taking me off since John Novak will 
 be on the board.  I leave it to Bruce to see if it makes sense to shorten the 
 list further.  Mark
 
 
 

 	03/27/2001 01:51 PM
 		 


 		  		  
 Did you  get a chance to review the Elektro board make up.  I would like to 
 finalize before the next ordinary shareholder meeting in Brazil.   Thanks
 
 
 
 

 06:14:14 PM


 
  
 
 To be elected as a Board member a person must be a shareholder of the Company 
 (normally one share is transferred to such member) and tehre is no more the 
 requirement of the Brazilian residency.
 There is no other mandatory requirements.
 However one has to have in mind that from a practical point of view it  is 
 not viable to have only non residents at the Board (frequent trips to Brazil, 
 less flexibility on timing to pass resolutions about ugent matters etc)  
 Ideally at least trhee shoul be resident in Brazil (present minum quorum to 
 held a Board Meeting.)
 Vasco.
 

 
 Vasco   What are the residency requirements for board membership?  Are
 there other specific requirements?  I would like to send a proposal this
 week. Thanks
 
 
 
 

 12:53:03
 

 cc:
 
  
 
 Orlando:
 As per your request, please find bellow the names of all of the present
 members of Elektro's Board.
 Firstly is to be mentioned that according to Elektro's By Laws, the Board may 
 have a minimum of 4 and a
 maximum of 7 permanent members (one obligatorily must be elected by
 appointment of Elektros' employees) and a minimum of 2 and a maximum of 4
 alternates (one obligatorily to act solely as alternate to the employees'
 representative at the Board)
 
 Permanent members:
 Diomedes Christodoulou (President)
 Orlando Goanz?lez
 Ricky Linn Waddell
 Geraldo Gon?alves Pereira (elected by appointment of Elektro's employees)
 Vacant (3)
 Alternate members:
 James Martin Bannantine
 Richard Allan Lammers
 Ricardo Louren?o Carneiro (alternate to Geraldo Gon?alves)
 Vacant (3)
 
 The election and/or dismissal of the Board members has to be decided by the
 shareholders of the company.
 Normally the election o the Board members takes place at the annual
 Ordinary Shareholder's meeting. (This year, our OGM is scheduled to take
 place on April, 29th.)
 However this matter  can also be decided at any time via an Extraordinary
 Shareholder's Meeting  that has to be called trough a  Board Resolution
 that  has to be publicized at the Official Gazette no later than 8 days
 prior to date of such EGM.
 Should the present number of the Board members be maintained (i.e 4
 permanent and 3 alternates), the election of new members (from our side)
 will have to be made upon the resignation of those presently on seat.
 Should you deem necessary, please call me at your earliest convenience.
 Least but nol east As I vave mentined to you the other day, it is quite 
 normal to appoint the senior legal council as an alternate to the permanent 
 members of the Board so that he may legally be present at all the board 
 meetings
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
