
 
 How crazy would that be if we had three generations of Symes in one 
 classroom! If I were one of the other students and I figured out there were 
 three siblings in my class, I might actually consider that a little bizarre, 
 like a circus family or something. But whatever. I'm definitely into it 
 though - that is, if U.O. has decided to forgive my errant freshman year 
 behavior that got me booted from those luxurious residance halls and re-admit 
 me. They're probably looking over my application right now and just pissing 
 themselves, "Wait a minute - that good-for-nothing druggy thinks she's going 
 to GRADUATE SCHOOL...HAHAHAHAHAHA..." and so on. 
 
 And by the way, I didn't mean to throw you into a fit of Catholic guilt over 
 the kitty thing. She's totally fine, and mom actually likes her. I think my 
 presence actually upsets the balance. And I think this move might be good for 
 her - she'll be going back to her apartment roots. The real martyr in all of 
 this is Big Kitty, who still looks completely baffled when Kitty hurtles 
 herself at him from behind doorways and such. After she does that, they 
 generally both walk away from each other just looking completely dissatisfied 
 with the whole thing - Big Kitty because he's old and demented and everything 
 confuses him, and Kitty because she's young and demented and everything 
 pisses her off. Gotta love it. 
 
 So you look like Jennifer now? Hey, don't underestimate the one-time 
 popularity of that haircut. Everything comes back into fashion at some point. 
 I will tell Brett you said hi. His wife just had her baby - they are such a 
 freaking cute little family it makes me depressed. Even more than I already 
 am from having to sit around my house all the time and listen to Amber and 
 Molly call their respective boyfriends "schmoopy" and swap sex stories. It's 
 thoroughly disgusting, and I've told them so. They just throw their heads 
 back and laugh with self-satisfied couple-induced mania. And there you have 
 my happy little family.....
 
 Have fun on your date tonight! Just go into it like you have nothing to lose, 
 which you don't, and like you don't care, which you shouldn't. 'Kay?
 
 Love ya,
 Kate
 
 
 
 


  
  
 
 Zero week is a one-week, four-credit course in June at U of O.  I'm trying
 to get John to do it, too.  Maybe we should all take one together!  Anyway,
 the website is uosummer.uoregon.edu (no www), but unfortunately none of the
 info is posted yet because they're all a bunch of lazy pot-smoking
 superfreaks over there in Eugene.  Usually you can choose from any general
 ed courses - I'm taking polisci because I need it for my major.  They'll
 have journalism and stuff like that.  We could crash at John's house and
 party till the wee hours with all the wee freshmen!
 
 I feel bad about Kitty, too.  Is she getting more nuts than ever?  I would
 love to bring her out here if it wasn't for the obvious obstacles (she could
 never go outside, she would rip my face off on the ride over, etc.).  If she
 is still doing bad next year when my lease runs out, we could consider
 bringing her out here.  I could move into a house.  Anyway, I'm sorry to
 hear about the whole thing.  I feel really guilty too.  Hopefully Mom is
 available for the five minutes a day that Kitty actually wants contact with
 humans.
 
 Well, have fun getting your hair cut and tell Brett I said hi!  I got my
 hair cut here and the man confused me with Jennifer Aniston circa 1990.  I
 look like a freak, and my hair is oily, and I don't want to go on this date.
 
 Have a good night!
 Anna
 
 

 
  
 
 
 Dearest Anna, my most favorite sister of them all!
 
 I'm sorry I've been so bad about staying in touch while you've been stuck
 in those Rocky Mountain highs and lows of life. It sounds like things are
 going really well though (Rocky Mountain "highs") and that you've made it
 through most of the tumult of moving to a new place (Rocky Mountain
 "lows"). Amber tells me every time she talks to Marky, her man of the hour,
 he mentions how they've got to get together with you when she comes to town
 - which will be on next Friday, whoo hoo, party! I'm so mad that she gets
 to go and I don't, being that I am not, like her, in my eighth year of
 college and therefore do not enjoy such things as "Spring Break Mania"
 anymore. And Monica tells Marky who tells Amber who tells me that she'd
 love to hang out with you more often. It sounds like you guys had a ball at
 dinner, eh? So you've got options, girlfriend, which is worlds more than I
 can say for my life at the mo'. It pretty much consists of working, eating,
 and sleeping. I'm definitely looking into that SAD mental disorder thing,
 because I think it's got me in its clutches. But the recent abundance of
 sunshine has brought me enough renewed energy to start thinking about life
 after winter. We're doing lots of gardening, cooking, and decorating at the
 house - it's like having three Martha Stewarts all working together, only
 slightly less stylish , immensely less efficient, and drunk. Other than
 that, I've been trying to organize and simplify my life - taking care of
 mounds of paperwork, paying off debts, sorting out all those nagging little
 post-it notes that plague me constantly and demand my attention in vain.
 I'm actually starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel, like maybe
 I could buy a car or take a trip in a few months, or even buy a SECOND pair
 of shoes, but let's not get wild and crazy just yet. So I heard Dad and
 Laura are on their way to your neck of the woods with an automobile. That
 is, in the immortal words of the guys in "Dude, where's my car?", SWEET...
 DUDE! You are stoked. I bet that's a major load off - just make sure to
 keep your finances in check and not get in over your head. Take it from one
 who knows. I'm seriously looking into buying an old beater car; but then I
 start fantasizing about the Audi A4 Quattro, and suddenly $30,000 doesn't
 seem like a bad price for becoming ultimately cool. Lately I've been doing
 a lot of research into self-improvement measures. I just applied for
 post-baccalaureate status at U of O, so I can start taking economics and
 poli sci classes online. (I just got my new FREE computer from work!) I'm
 also studying for the GRE, and pretty soon here I'm going to get serious
 about graduate school. I think I've decided on international studies and/or
 economics, depending on how well I like the classes I take. I've found my
 dream program at Johns Hopkins University in Washington, D.C. It's a
 two-year Masters of International Studies program that begins in Washington
 and ends in.....are you sitting down?.....Bologna, Italy! Holy shit, does
 it get more perfect? Apparently it's like the premiere training ground for
 government officials, according to my friend Andy who laughed forcefully in
 my face when I told him I wanted to get into it. But I figure, I'm not
 getting any younger, and I don't want any regrets, so I'm goin' for it,
 dude. As for the love life, it's nonexistant, which is why I'm putting so
 much energy into the self-improvement area of my life. I figure as long as
 I'm having no fun with boys I might as well be beefing up my net value. By
 the time they come around again, the eligible pool will have shrunk to 1 in
 100 million. Whatever. Anyway, now that I've written you the longest
 paragraph of my life, I must retreat to my work duties. Then it's off for a
 thrilling tour of Portland via Tri-Met. Molly's making me dinner tonight in
 exchange for a finished resume. It's only taken her 3 years to compile the
 information for it, so this one should be a doozy. Hey, if you can ever
 make it home for a weekend, you should come at the end of May - David Gray
 is coming to the Schnitzer, and it's going to be fabulous! I'll buy your
 concert ticket if you can convince Dad to get your plane ticket. Call me
 soon if you can, or I'll call this weekend. Take care and I miss you!
 
 Love,
 Kate
 
 
 
 

 

 cc:
 
 Subject:
 
 
 Hey Lady!
 
 What do you think you're doing?  I haven't talked to you in way too long.
 You have to update me on the sitch!  I am going on a date with a guy I met
 while out with Monica last weekend.  He was our waiter and he looks like
 Chandler Bing, only Monica kept calling him Chanandler Bong (did you see
 that episode when they had to name who the TV Guide came to?).  She is so
 fun!  I was so glad to get out of my apartment/away from my roommate.  And
 now I have a date, so I'm excited.  I'm still in contact with Mr.
 Colorblind, but we've had the friends talk so it's been really cool.  In
 fact, he's nicer to me now than he was before!  Anyway, that's crazy news
 about Mom's house!  I guess no more crashing at her house when I go home.
 How are your roommates?  Your seattle boyfriend?  Your job?  Write me with
 the goods, woman.  I am getting a car in two weeks and I am more excited
 than any car-buyer has ever been.  My job is great, although i think I'm
 getting scoliosis from bad posture in an uncomfortable chair all day.
 Nothing else is happening.  Are you going out for St. Patrick's Day?  I
 have
 to work, but there's a big outdoor thing downtown that I might go to
 afterwards.  Okay, must go work.  Call me though!  I miss you!
 
 Love, Anna
 
 
 
 
 
 
