
 
 FYI.
 
 UC Pioneers Conservation 
 Two decades of innovations prepared campuses for energy price crunch 
 When the state's energy crisis hit, the University of California was not 
 caught with its fans running full blast. 
 Across the nine-campus UC system, $65 million has been spent over two decades 
 on energy-saving devices, including new lighting, variable speed fans, even a 
 system to harness waste gas from landfills to run boilers. 
 So, with Gov. Gray Davis calling for every California household and business 
 to cut electricity use by 10 percent, UC offers a good model of conservation. 
 Despite rapid growth in the 178,000-student system in recent years, most 
 campuses have held electricity consumption steady, and the university will 
 net about $75 million in savings from the projects. 
 "We are fortunate to have on the campuses people with the religion. They have 
 been working on this agenda since the oil embargo," said Gary Matteson, UC 
 director of energy and utilities planning. 
 But UC will need to do more. Facing a 146 percent increase in the cost of 
 natural gas  although UC Santa Cruz went dark one day in 
 January because its co-generation plant was out. 
 MARKET PRICES AHEAD
 Still, UC officials are asking the Legislature for extra money, warning that 
 a systemwide natural gas bill is expected to rocket from $26 million last 
 year to a projected $64 million this year. A contract for low-priced gas is 
 expiring and UC will soon find itself paying market prices. 
 That means UC will face having to raise dormitory fees, cut back on night and 
 weekend classes and turn down the air conditioners in the summer, leaving 
 classrooms sweltering. 
 Saying that that would be unacceptable, Assemblywoman Elaine Alquist, D- 
 Santa Clara, chair of the Assembly Higher Education Committee, called a 
 hearing on the issue last month. 
 "I really wanted to hear how they were going to cope with the crisis," she 
 said. 
 UC is already negotiating with the State Department of Finance to get about 
 $217 million for an additional list of energy efficiency and conservation 
 projects that could save 149 megawatts within three years. Reducing 
 electricity means reducing reliance on natural gas. 
 John Baca, manager of the policy and strategic planning program for the 
 Office of Energy Assessments at the state Department of General Services, 
 said higher education facilities tend to consume a lot of energy. 
 "They have experiments that just can't go off and they have a lot of flue 
 hoods, and things like that," Baca said. "They have to have power for a lot 
 of different things all the time, so there is still a lot of potential at the 
 higher education level. But I think UC has done a really fantastic job." 
 SYSTEMWIDE CHANGES
 The efforts have been made across the system. 
 UC Santa Cruz undertook an extensive conservation project that reduced 
 electricity consumption in academic and administrative buildings by 6 
 percent. 
 UC Davis has spent about $15 million on conservation renovations during the 
 past 10 years, saving at least $3 million a year. 
 At UC Berkeley, more than $6 million has been spent since 1986 to improve 
 energy efficiency on the campus by modifying and reducing light fixtures in 
 older buildings, installing centrally located automated controls that can run 
 heating and cooling equipment on a flexible schedule, and improving 
 efficiency around heating pipes. 
 "Our usage is only 3 percent above what it was in 1972-73," said Paul Black, 
 a senior engineer in the UC Berkeley physical plant department. "And if you 
 think of all the computers added and also the air conditioners we have added 
 to cool computer rooms and labs, that is good." 

 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A - 3 