
 
 Dick,
 
 This is the presentation Steve would be using on Monday.  I called you to coordinate but there was no answer at your office.  Could you please confirm me that you received this message and that the presentation would be up and running on Monday?  Steve will have a backup with him just in case. Please, do not print, forward or distribute copies of this presentation since it is against our company policies. Thanks in advance. 
 
  
 
 Best regards,
 
 Ursula Brenner
 ENRON CORP.
 +1(713)345-3787
 
 This message (including any attachments) contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose, and is protected by law. If you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, or distribution of this message, or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited.
 
 
 
 
 



  
  
 
 Dear Steveevidently a serious family illness is taking him away immediately)
 and Dick Foster.  We hope that most of the panel time will be discussion
 with each other and the audience, so that our defense leaders can pose
 questions to you and drill down on topics of great interest. Phil Condit,
 Chairman and CEO of Boeing,  will open Tuesday morning with his remarks on
 Boeing's transformation in progress.  I would have had him on your panel,
 however he will be at Boeing's annual board meeting on Monday and won't be
 able to get to us until late afternoon.  He will be with us for dinner and
 then all day on Tuesday.
 
 Regarding logistics, we have your room reserved for you for Sunday and
 Monday evenings, June 24-25.  We begin the meeting with a wine and hors
 d'oeuvres reception on Sunday from 5-7 PM in the Carmel Highlands at the
 private oceanside residence of Bob and Carol Wallyn, our hosts for the first
 Forum seven years ago.  Our guest of honor is Congressman Mac Thornberry.
 We will be taking shuttle vans from Quail Lodge to the Wallyns as the road
 is quite narrow down the cliff and there is very little parking anywhere
 nearby.  The vans should depart the Lodge between 4:30 and 5 pm from the
 lobby and return at 7.  Everyone is free to make their own dinner plans for
 the evening after the reception.
 
 If I have left anything out please let me know.  Looking forward to meeting
 you in Carmel Valley.
 
 Best regards, Dick
 
 Dick O'Neill
 The Highlands Group
 http://www.highlandsgroup.net
 301-469-7400
 301-469-5878 fax
 
 
 
