
 

  Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Mckay, Jonathan\Sent Items
 X-Origin: MCKAY-J
 X-FileName: jon mckay 7-11-02.PST
 
 This is why we have to run!
 
   not even when the opportunity presents itself for a brisk walk. 
 We opt for the elevator when the stairs call our name. We see escalators as our new best friend. And we drive to the corner store for ice cream. 
 But Pittman hopes to alter our lifestyles and ballooning image. 
 After Houston earned the first unsolicited title, Pittman and two other city officials visited Philadelphia, which owned the "fattest" ranking in 2000. 
 Philly started a citywide campaign called "Fun, Fit and Free" to get its residents to slim down. Last year, Philadelphia fell out of the top spot and this year is in fourth place. 
 Pittman, who is also a personal trainer and has been fitness coordinator for just a year, says Houston's version will not be under one umbrella slogan like Philadelphia's. However, there will be several endeavors to involve as many people as possible. 
 The city's get-fit effort will kick off Jan. 17 when the city teams up with the Subway sandwich chain to bring the Subway Challenge to Houston. 
 The problem is so serious that Subway is sending its big-gun spokesman to the Jan. 17 event. 
 From 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. outside City Hall, 900 Smith, participants can meet Jared Fogle, who lost 245 pounds on a diet of low-fat, low-calorie Subway sandwiches, and receive a pledge card good for sandwich discounts and a two-week free membership to Bally Total Fitness. 
 "That Jared's a nice guy," Pittman says. "That's his full-time job now." 
 People would agree that losing weight is a full-time task. 
 The city will also team up with the Texas Fruit and Produce Growers Association and Central Market to promote the "Five a Day" message of eating five serving of fruits and vegetables a day. That effort kicks off Jan. 22. 
 "We're not saying everyone has to run 10 miles a day around Memorial Park," Pittman says. "We're talking just simple lifestyle changes." 
 Later this year, Houston will join other major Texas cities in a program called "Shape Up Texas" to improve health and wellness among Texans. That's not a bad idea considering Texas cities make up 20 percent of the fat list and four of the top eight. 
 Mayor Lee Brown says he will do his part to cut out the fat at City Hall. 
 Brown, who has put on a few pounds since taking office, says he isn't surprised by Houston's expansive reputation. 
 "I'm afraid I've contributed to that," he says. 
 Brown says he will set an example for the rest of the city by losing some weight himself, not through a diet but by walking and riding his bike more. However, he wouldn't reveal how much weight he planned to shed. 
 Pittman applauds the mayor's words about weight loss. 
 "It's great when you have someone of that stature visibly being a speaker for health and fitness," he says. 
 The last thing we want is a three-peat in 2003. 