
 
 HEY, you didn't copy your brother and I think I may come down Saturday to go fishing.  What do you think about that?
 
 

    
 
 
 Man those steaks I cooked Saturday were great.   Bought six Rib Eyes, amn
 were they good.   I hurt myself.  Barb had to use the big tractor to move
 me around.  If I die from plugged arteries it's yall's fault.   Me having
 to eat all those steaks alone.
 
 Not really, we did not have steaks, well not till Sunday when Barb and I
 went to El Tora.   We are going t BBQ July Fourth if you guys would like to
 come.   Chance is coming in from teh Navy so thought we might cook some.
 Dennis and Janice are coming down also.   Figure we will have baked beans,
 potatoe salad, few deserts.   Maybe even home made Ice Cream.   You guys
 are invited.   Should be lots of babies there.  (New Borns).   I have the
 jet ski setting by the water on the bank and will drop the poontoonn boat
 in this weekend for riding up ad down the Bayou.
 
 See ya,
 
 Oh yeah Chris, when you called last night Barb and I were out riding the
 Scooter around.   Just Chilling.  We rode around looking at houses, yards
 etc in town for about 1.5 hours.   It was nice.  Life is good.
 
 Don, your Ex came by Friday for some plants.   She seemed to be doing well.
 How about you?
 
 Well gotta go,
 
 Bayou Jer
 
 
                                                                                                                                        
                       "Germany, Chris"                                                                                                 

                       nron.com>                                                                                       05/28/2002 01:14                                                                                                 
                       PM                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                        
 
 
 
 
 I have some really bad news.  My little girl, when she makes a frown face,
 she looks just like her Uncle Jerry.  I think that's a very bad sign.
 
 She weighs 7 lbs 4 ozs as of today.
 
 
 
 
 
