
 
 
 
  the kind of hard assets Skilling said he disdained. 
 Cooper's style, too, is unlike Lay's grandfatherly and professorial demeanor and Skilling's hard-driving image. Cooper insists on being called by his first name and dresses casually at the office, complete with baseball cap. He hasn't decorated Skilling's wood-paneled, deadbolted office. 
 To keep up employee morale, Cooper said he visits workers in response to e-mail and sends out weekly, unscripted voicemail updates. An all-employee meeting will be held soon, he said. 
 Enron's overhaul is well underway. 
 Enron has agreed reluctantly to turn over to Dynegy its biggest pipeline, 16,500-mile Northern Natural Gas, which was a condition of the $1.5 billion that Dynegy invested in Enron as part of the aborted merger. Enron also recently gave away its vaunted energy-trading operation to New York investment banking firm UBS Warburg in a no-cash deal that would supply Enron with a cut of any future profit. 
 What remains is an assortment of smaller natural gas pipelines, including one that runs from Texas to California, and electricity generating plants. Enron has announced plans to shut down its remaining telecommunications operations and to unload Portland General, its Oregon utility, as well as many of the international power plants and other assets whose poor performance helped sink the company. 
 Cooper declined to detail which assets he is thinking of unloading because "we haven't settled on a final configuration yet. But it will be substantially smaller by way of reported revenue than the old Enron. 
 "The company, if you remove the trading from the rest of the business, it's actually got a very good, very solid, very revenue- and cash-flow- and earnings-predictable business, which is really its power and pipes business," Cooper said. "So in my view, there is an eminently reorganizable entity here." 
 'Not Going to Wallow and Linger' 
 Cooper expects to present "a fairly on-point direction" for reorganization to its creditors committee in the second quarter and to have settled on a new version of the company within a year. 
 "We're going to move this process forward very quickly. We're not going to wallow and linger in Chapter 11 for a day longer than we have to." 
 Although many have speculated that Enron will never emerge from bankruptcy and will instead be carved up and sold, Cooper said he is "not of that mind," adding that in his 30-year career of reorganizing companies he has seen only a few instances in which liquidation made more sense for creditors than reorganizing the ongoing business. Those cases all involved substantial amounts of valuable real estate, he said. 
 Enron has a bit of that. Although it leases its Houston headquarters, Enron is building a tower nearly as tall next door. It has received $40 million in debtor financing to complete and sell that project. 
 Cooper flatly states that he is not interested in doing a post-mortem on Enron, but he did acknowledge the "very labor-intensive" process of sorting through "hundreds upon hundreds" of so-called special purpose entities, which are financial vehicles commonly used by corporations to finance projects separate from the company's balance sheet and for other legitimate purposes, such as a sale and lease-back of a building. 
 Lawyers and accountants are examining the entities to determine the extent of Enron's liabilities and the economic value to Enron of each vehicle, he said. A team of about 10 Zolfo Cooper employees, an unusually large number, is being assigned to Enron, Cooper said. 
 "There's a difference between were the partnerships legitimate or not versus were they accounted for properly or not. Both of these are being looked at. We'll just have to wait to see what the attorneys say as that gets sorted out," Cooper said. 
 Special purpose entities "are not good or bad, they're just instruments or vehicles which provide companies with financial flexibility to better manage their business, to better manage their balance sheet to fit the needs of their business," Cooper said. 
 "The Enron phenomenon was the failure to transfer economic risk [from Enron to the partnerships] and the failure to disclose and the suspension of the corporate code of ethics and conduct that allowed people to get into a position where they had divided loyalties" by working for both Enron and the partnerships, he said. 
 "What we saw here was a case where they weren't constructed properly, they weren't reported properly and by allowing someone to be on both sides of the transaction, you couldn't have really an arm's-length transaction. It's kind of like having you negotiate both sides of a prenuptial agreement." 
 Despite its size, the Enron reorganization is much like every other he has handled, Cooper said. Those included Federated Department Stores Inc., Polaroid Corp. and Malden Mills. 
 Unique to Enron, however, is the furor surrounding the rapid and stunning collapse of the business, Cooper said. 
 "It's become an enormous lightning rod for not only the upset of people directly involved in the company, but it's become a lightning rod to coalesce all of these other national interests" involving such issues as accounting and corporate governance, Cooper said. 
 "I hope people will be able to relax and calm down and look at this as an opportunity for a fresh start for our external economic constituencies, a fresh start by way of an investment and a fresh start for our employees," Cooper said. 
 "It's sort of like when your car breaks down and you're in the middle of nowhere and you end up hating the car. You're kicking the tires. You're kicking the bumpers. After you get over it, you realize that it's still a good car. You get the tire or whatever fixed and you just keep going."
 
 PHOTO: Kenneth L. Lay, above, stepped down as Enron's chairman and chief executive last month. Interim chief and turnaround specialist Stephen Cooper says he envisions a company much different from the market-dominating energy trader that Lay helped build.; ; PHOTOGRAPHER: Associated Press; PHOTO: Stephen Cooper was named Enron's acting CEO in January.; ; PHOTOGRAPHER: Agence France-Presse 
 Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	
 
 
 
