
 

  Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X-
 X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Richey, Cooper\Sent Items
 X-Origin: RICHEY-C
 X-FileName: cooper richey 6-26-02.PST
 
 yah, i'm looking forward to yoga.  i didn't do anything over break and was really looking forward to starting up my practice again and went several times as soon as i got back, but then i got sick, so ... i may try to take a nap this afternoon before yoga.  i'm very bad with directions.  i have the address at home and can call you with it, but basically, i go east on 12th Ave, turn right on (i think) 8th Street and then turn left on (i think) 24th Ave (there's an asian restaurant at this corner) and then it's up on the right side.  there's a big block of warehouse buildings.  it's a little complicated to find from here actually, maybe you should pick me up and we can go together?  
 
 i don't really shop for "yoga clothes" partly out of some sort of philosophical resistance and also because the women's stuff is so much cooler than men's stuff that i don't want to bother.  
 
 dude, that 6:00am yoga story is brutal!  YIM is going downhill - i don't think rockne can hold onto his good instrucors.  i hope core yoga stays solvent!  
 
 
   
              
              Hey Cooper, 
       I remember you telling me your address,  so I really hope this is it. 
    I 
       guess I could call you,  but it's more fun to e-mail...especially at 
       work.  Deloitte just gave me a new laptop....the perks of working for 
    a 
       prestigious law firm!!!  Stephanie and I even got a dozen cookies 
    each 
       from Cookies by George yesterday.  It's  a good way to make friends 
    in 
       an office full of vultures (almost worse than Earls!). 
       Are you still going to yoga tomorrow??  So far,  Janice, Jaimie, 
       Stephanie and I are going.  I know it's alot of women.  But don't 
    worry, 
       I told them all about "naked yoga" and they're okay with it. 
       Next time I see you I'll give you that book,  Tuesdays with Morrie. 
    I 
       am almost done.  It's an amazing book.  It is simple,  but in it's 
       simplicity it is so profound.  Wow,  that might have been a little 
    too 
       deep for e-mail,  but you get the point.  It's an easy read.  Jai 
    should 
       probably read it too. 
       Hey,  how are your Scooby snacks???  Are you bringing them to work? 
    Are 
       the stickers plastered all over your apartment and car yet??  I sure 
       hope so. 
       Talk to you later, 
       Emily 
     