
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                       
                     "Thompson, Greg"                                                                                  



                     05/23/2002 04:53                             PM                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                       
 
 
 
 
 1 star hangover (*)
 
 No pain. No real feeling of illness. Your sleep last night was a mere disco
 nap which is giving you a whole lot of misplaced energy.  Be glad that you
 are able to function relatively well.   However,you are still parched. You
 can drink 10 sodas and still feel this way.  You are craving a steak bomb
 and a side of gravy fries.
 
 
 
 2 star hangover ()
 
 Otherwise known as the "Infinite Nutsmacker"You wake up on your bathroom
 floor. For about 2 seconds you look at the ceiling, wondering if the cool
 refreshing feeling on your cheek is the bathroom tile or your vomit from 5
 hours ago. It is amazing how your roommate who was as drunk as you, but
 somehow manages to get up before you the next morning...You try to lift
 your
 head. Not an option. It is when you turn your head too quickly only to
 smell
 the funk of 13 packs of cigarettes in your hair, and suddenly you realize
 you were smoking, but not ultra lights... some jackass handed you Marlboro
 reds, and you smoked them like it was your second full time job. You look
 in
 the mirror only to see remnants of the stamp "Ready to Rock" faintly atop
 your forehead... that explains the stamp on the back of your hand that has
 magically appeared on your forehead by alcoholic osmosis. You have to be to
 work in t-minus 14 minutes and 32 seconds and the only thing you can think
 of wearing is your "hello kitty" pajamas.....
 
 
 
 
 
 
