
 
 Shall we toss for who rings back?  Its going to be a long conversastion.
 
   why not figure it out now.
 Because this deal is bigger than Tim Belden.  I'm not delusional.  I know that this is a big deal with a lot of moving parts.  If it's bigger than me then it will likely move forward without me.
 
 
 Since I am not "on the team" right now, I am also working with a great deal less information than you have.  I respect your choice to differentiate the information disseminated to people "on the team" versus not "on the team."  However, the consequences of that choice provide less information to me which creates a greater leap of faith in my mind.  For example, I have no idea how the mechanics of getting these options done, conveyed to the creditors/buyer/estate/judge works.  Louise inidicated that it would be a memo or some form of written document indicating the people and total dollars needed to secure them.  If that's the case, you could add my indemnification amount (adjusted by probability of payout) to that total and it surely wouldn't blow up the deal.  Unless, the probability of payout is high.
 
 Furthermore, I am not proposing that we change the basic employment doc (subject to comment from my lawyer, but I'll try to keep immaterial changes to a minimum).  I am saying that a condition precedent for me is to negotiate a separate indemnification doc with the buyer.  At that point in time, I would hope that they have the time and the inclination to discuss such a doc.  Perhaps at that time, some of the 2001 comp issues will already be cleared through the bankruptcy judge making the discussion that much easier.  Based on various discussions with the two of you over the last couple of weeks I have been led to believe that such a decision is expected and perhaps imminent.  I don't understand why this is a non-starter issue, but I don't have the same information that you do.
 
 To be clear, here is the basic deal that I am willing to offer as a free option to the buyer:
 the deal as it exists plus
 retention payments for those still with the company who deserve them who have not yet received them.
 indemnification of 2001 comp up to $4 million.
 
 I expect that the two of you will tell me that I'm not on the team, that 800 people are going home, and that the Portland office will be moved to Houston if this thing survives.  That is not what I want to happen.  If this deal is bigger than me then those things shouldn't happen.  I have given this a lot of thought over the last couple of days and came up with my conclusions.  I am open to any productive discussions that you would like to have.
 
 In talking through this stuff with Mike and Matt I realize what a hard position you guys are in.  I feel that I have lost ground rather than gain ground with them in the last couple of days.  I trust that you are trying to do the right thing.  There are just so many things that are uncertain right now that it makes it very difficult for me to give away the option that you have requested without firming up some other issues for me at the same time.  
 
 Finally, I apologize for hanging up on Louise ealier.  It's probably better than me hearing what she was about to say and her hearing what I was about to say.  I will call to see that you received and read this e-mail.  I am comfortable with whatever you decide to do.
 
 Tim