
 
 It looks like I'll be able to get back on Sunday.  I was originally schedul=
 ed to fly back yesterday (Wednesday) but of course all the flights were can=
 celled yesterday and today.  With luck they'll be back up to full schedules=
  by Sunday when I have a reservation.  I'll let you know if that changes. =
 =20
 
 It's interesting to hear what your reactions were since they very closely p=
 arallel my own.  I heard as I was coming back into the office after lunch o=
 n Tuesday and there was a small group standing around a computer screen wat=
 ching an internet news feed.  My first reaction was that it had to be some =
 kind of elaborate internet hoax and I still have a sense of disbelief.  I d=
 read my next trip to New York when I will have to see the skyline with my o=
 wn eyes.  Linda and Amanda are also stranded here and they tend to spend a =
 lot of time watching the news.  After the first hour or so I just couldn't =
 bear to watch and preferred to check in now and then for updates.  But then=
  what else was there to do except sit and be stunned.  Even today it's stil=
 l hard to concentrate on much of anything.  I guess in a sense I'm lucky th=
 at I have work matters to keep me busy.  Unfortunately, some are directly r=
 elated to the tragedy.  There's no doubt the world changed on Tuesday and t=
 his will always be with us in some way.
 
 All sorts of odd thoughts keep coming to mind.  I have wondered several tim=
 es if Dad remembers when he and I went into one of the towers (it must have=
  been when they were quite new) and tried to get to the top to see the view=
 .  We were told there was no public observation area so we just took an ele=
 vator up as far as we could get and got out on a floor that was still under=
  construction and went over to the windows to marvel at the view.  Remember=
  the view from my apartment in New York?  And I was on the QE2 the last tim=
 e it will ever go past those buildings (forgive the bad grammar but you kno=
 w what I mean).
 
 We're going to try and have as good a time as possible here.  I'm working d=
 uring the days and joining Linda and Amanda for dinner in the evening.  Tom=
 orrow we're going to see a West End musical.  Saturday we'll probably go to=
  a couple of museums.  Hope you are keeping well.
 
 Love, Mark
 
 
 
  to look outside
 on a beautiful sunny, peaceful day here.  We were having a primary
 election for mayor in the city so we went to vote because that was
 something positive we could accomplish.  During the rest of the day we
 checked the status of the situation regularly, but didn't watch for a
 prolonged time.  It was impossible to concentrate on much of anything.
 
 Now I feel that we need to return to normal activities as much as
 possible to keep our little part of the country running as usual.  The
 terrorists will have done even more damage if we don't.
 
 I imagine Enron has people marooned all over the world.  At least you
 have an Enron office where you are.  I should think that would be better
 than being stuck somewhere in Canada, wondering if you should drive home.
  I hope they are providing you some space where you can accomplish
 something.  I imagine you are keeping the phone lines busy to Houston
 these days.  I just read in the Wall Street Journal this morning that the
 Y2K plans are paying off for some companies who had alternate plans for
 communication difficulties and even "bunkers" or alternate offices in
 place that they are now using.
 
 This will surely be a test of our president and his government.  I hope
 they are up to it.
 
 Please let us know when you finally get home.
 
 Love, Mother
 
 

 GET INTERNET ACCESS FROM JUNO!
 Juno offers FREE or PREMIUM Internet access for less!
 Join Juno today!  For your FREE software, visit:
 http://dl.www.juno.com/get/tagj.