
 
 
 
  all in the quest of getting bigger, faster. In such cases, it's easy to overpay for market share.
 
 To reap a first-mover advantage, a company must buy market share at a discount. That is, it must be able to buy a big chunk of market share before its competitors figure out just how much that share will yield in future profits. That is possible only if a company has a business idea that is truly original, as did eBay and ICQ (the Israeli company that invented instant messaging and was later acquired by AOL).
 
 The fact is, the Internet didn't produce too much in the way of authentic business-model innovation, but rather too little. And even when an original idea did surface, it didn't stay original for long, thanks to the incessant, incestuous networking among Silicon Valley's venture capital companies. The moral is simple: If you want to profit from a first-mover advantage, you'd better make sure you start with a unique strategic insight that, at least initially, is unattractive to would-be competitors or protected by a wall of patents. Dumb movers swarm; smart movers don't.
 
 Dumbest: Being first with a business model that's DOA  Pets.com. Iridium. Webvan. Northpoint.   Many business models are brain-dead from the get-go. They breathe as long as they are hooked up to the ventilator of investor funds but expire the moment investors swallow their grief and pull the plug. There are two fundamental flaws that can render a business model DOA: a complete misreading of the customer (does she really want to order dog food online?) and utterly unsound economics (there will never be enough petroleum geologists and Arctic explorers to make satellite telephony pay). There's no advantage in being first if the destination ain't worth the trip.
 
 Not that this should be seen as an argument for always staying behind. A stupid idea that fails is hardly an indictment of the notion of first-mover advantage. Think twice before you let someone else's idiocy lull you into believing that being first is always a peril-strewn path.  Ask Fred Smith at FedEx if he was glad to be first in overnight package delivery, or Andy Grove at Intel (microprocessors), or Herb Kelleher at Southwest Airlines (discount air travel), or Pete Kight at CheckFree (online billing and payment), or Jeff Skilling at Enron (energy trading).
 
 I don't believe any company should set out to be a follower, fast or otherwise. Sure, in hindsight, first movers often look dumb, but it would be imprudent to bet that they will always screw up. Indeed, when you look beyond the lunacy of the Internet bubble and consider companies with high-quality management, deep pockets, and real competencies, you find that being first pays off a surprisingly often.
 
 So before you bet against the first mover, you'd be wise to ask yourself, Am I sure the first mover is going to be a slow learner? Will market penetration stay in single digits for some time to come, giving me time to grab customers later on? Will the rate of technology change remain high, creating opportunities for a leapfrog strategy? Will the first mover fail in signing up the most valuable partners? If you can answer yes to all these questions, then you may have the chance to be a
 successful second mover.
 
 In the end, the distinction between first mover and fast follower hides more than it reveals. The goal, after all, is not to be first to market in some absolute sense, but to be first to put together the precise combination of features, value, and sound business economics that unlocks a profitable new market. Sometimes the company that does this is the first mover, and sometimes it is not. But it's always the smart mover.
 

 FORTUNE's Best Minds On E-Business
 Quote: The management team must ask itself, What race are we running: sprint or marathon? Ask Fred Smith at FedEx if he was glad to be first.  Or Andy Grove at Intel, or Jeff Skilling at Enron.