
 
 FYI.  I've left him a message that it is "no problem" in this instance.  But, I know that you were interested in having it reviewed before it went out, so I wanted to let you know what was happening.  MHC
 
  

 

 
 
            Cc:     Lund, David
     
 
    Michelle,
    This is to advise of the  action taken by NEPCO and the current status
    of the claim mentioned in the  subject line of this e-mail.  In
    maintaining contact with the OSHA  Investigator on this case, I've had
    several amiable conversations regarding  She's status and stance in the
    matter.  As you know, by virtue of my  initial call to the Investigator
    (Randall L. Ounce) NEPCO satisfied the first  requirement of the 15 day
    response window.  I advised him during that call  that NEPCO was in the
    discovery phase whereby documentation was being collected  to support
    NEPCO's position.  He admitted to not yet having dialogue with  the
    claimant and therefore took no exception to our needing more time.  He
    in fact added one additional week to the two weeks I had requested.  He
    felt it may take this long for him to review the allegations and contact
    the  claimant.  In a subsequent conversation a week later, I advised him
    of the  fact that information was still coming in about the case.
    Again, he stated  he was unable to contact the claimant despite numerous
    calls to the claimants  home.  On August 15, 2001 I completed NEPCO's
    formal response to Mr.  Koonce's which was mailed the same day
    certified-return receipt.  I called  Mr. Ounce to advise him that our
    response had been mailed.  Once more he  said that he had been unable to
    contact the claimant.  She's plan is to  send written notification to
    the claimant with a set number of days in which the  claimant must
    respond.  In the event claimant doesn't, OSHA will close the  case.  At
    this time, Mr. Ounce does not have a strong feeling the  claimant will
    respond.  Additionally, after discussion of the supporting  documents,
    timelines and the lack of response by the claimant, Mr. Ounce  admitted
    to believing this to be a classic case of employee  disgruntlement.  My
    feeling is that the case will be closed by OSHA  with no further action.
    So that you may enter it into your file, I will  mail you a hard copy of
    NEPCO's formalized response.
 
    Regards,
    Frank Garrard
    Manager, EH&S
    NEPCO
    (425) 415-3033  (Direct)
    (425) 415-3000 (Main)
 
 
 
 
 