
 
 
 David:
 
 Your counterparty is being impossible.  Please see their latest message below.  They won't even send us their draft ISDA until we provide them with every little bit of info.  This is only a draft, not the final one.  It can and probably will be negotiated.
 
 Thanks!
 
 Marie
  

    
     
 
    Lissa:
 
    I must be having problems with my e-mail as I tried to reply to yours
    and was told it couldn't be delivered, so that's why I'm sending you a
    new one rather than a reply.
 
    Attached is the proposed form of guaranty that Enron Corp. will provide.
    ECT Investments would only collateralize above the threshold, since you
    would have a guaranty for the rest.
 
    We look forward to receiving your schedule.
 
    Marie
 
    Marie Heard
    Senior Legal Specialist
    Enron North America Corp.
    Phone:  (713) 853-3907
    Fax:  (713) 646-3490

 
 
                       <<csfbguar(ect inv.).doc>>
 
 
    
 
    This message is for the named person's use only.  It may contain
    confidential, proprietary or legally privileged information.  No
    confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission.
    If you receive this message in error, please immediately delete it and
    all
    copies of it from your system, destroy any hard copies of it and notify
    the
    sender.  You must not, directly or indirectly, use, disclose,
    distribute,
    print, or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended
    recipient. CREDIT SUISSE GROUP and each of its subsidiaries each reserve
    the right to monitor all e-mail communications through its networks.
    Any
    views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,
    except
    where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state
    them to be the views of any such entity.
    Unless otherwise stated, any pricing information given in this message
    is
    indicative only, is subject to change and does not constitute an offer
    to
    deal at any price quoted.
    Any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as
    preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This message is for the named person's use only.  It may contain
 confidential, proprietary or legally privileged information.  No
 confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission.
 If you receive this message in error, please immediately delete it and all
 copies of it from your system, destroy any hard copies of it and notify the
 sender.  You must not, directly or indirectly, use, disclose, distribute,
 print, or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended
 recipient. CREDIT SUISSE GROUP and each of its subsidiaries each reserve
 the right to monitor all e-mail communications through its networks.  Any
 views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender, except
 where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state
 them to be the views of any such entity.
 Unless otherwise stated, any pricing information given in this message is
 indicative only, is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to
 deal at any price quoted.
 Any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as
 preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation.
 
 
