
 
 Linda  25% adder/discount will apply to those
 RESs whose imbalances exceed 25% of their schedules 10% or more of the hours
 of the month.  If the 10% of the hours are exceeded, the adder/discount
 shall apply to all hours.
 
 *	Edison also applies a bandwidth to the total net energy imbalance
 attributable to unbundled retail load served by RESs.  If the hourly
 imbalance caused by all unbundled retail load, excluding PPO load, is within
 the 100 MW bandwidth, no RES (except those whose imbalance exceeds ?25%, as
 noted below) will be subject to an adder or discount.  PPO load will, in
 aggregate, be subject to the same terms and conditions as above, but
 imbalance attributable to the PPO will be compared against a 100 MW deadband
 separately from all RES load.
 
 *	Edison will permit RESs to trade energy imbalances among themselves,
 to offset their imbalances at whatever prices and terms they wish, before
 applying a charge for energy imbalance.  According to Edison, this feature
 will allow RESs to minimize energy imbalance charges by exchanging
 overscheduled megawatt-hours for underscheduled megawatt-hours in the same
 hour.  All remaining imbalances will be settled in cash at 100% of Edison's
 OPC.  Edison shall make available information on OPC ten days prior to the
 opening of the trading window.
 *
 *	The net retail energy imbalance in excess of 100 MW will be charged
 an adder or discount of 10%.  This charge will be allocated among RESs who
 are out of balance in the direction of the net and whose imbalance exceeds
 their individual deadband.  The allocation will be based on the ratio-share
 of the amount by which these individual RESs' imbalances exceed their
 individual deadbands.  Any such adder/discount will be billed separately
 from charges for any imbalances remaining after trading. Likewise, any
 adder/discount attributable to the provisions of Paragraph 3 will be billed
 separately from charges for any imbalances remaining after trading.
 *
 *	Load profiles will be developed using Dynamic Load Modeling with
 seasonal adjustments.  Edison will not require the installation of interval
 demand recorders for customers of less than 400 kW at this time.
 *
 *	Energy imbalances will be assumed to be within the bandwidth (i.e.,
 no adders/discounts) when the imbalances are due to (1) Edison interruptions
 and restorations, or (2) customer force majeure events, that are in each
 case material to the RESs' schedule and of which the RES could not
 reasonably be aware in sufficient time to adjust the schedule.
 *
 *	Edison will include a description of the methodology for determining
 OPC in its energy imbalance schedules filed with the FERC.
 
 	The IIEC opposed Edison's proposal and requested that the Commission
 require Edison to offer an optional imbalance service at the distribution
 level.  Blackhawk also opposed Edison's proposal and supported the IIEC
 proposal  Alliant also supported Edison being required to offer an energy
 imbalance service at the distribution level.  Mid-American opposed any
 effort by the Commission to exert jurisdiction on energy imbalances.
 
 	The Commission failed to weigh-in on the energy imbalance issue
 consistent with its determination that the FERC is the appropriate forum for
 such issues.  The Commission reserved the right to address the issue in some
 future FERC proceeding.
 
 
 

 
 
  - C.DTF << File: C.DTF >> 