
 
 
 
     The transaction is subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals, and is expected to close late next year.
 
 Enron will have immediate access to Dynegy's $1.5 billion cash investment in Enron's Northern Natural Gas subsidiary.
 
 Management of Newly Formed Company
 
 Chuck Watson will be chairman and CEO of the newly formed company, which will be called Dynegy Inc., and Steve Bergstrom will be president and COO.
 
 I will continue to serve as chairman and CEO of Enron until the transaction closes.  I will not join the Dynegy Office of the Chairman.  Greg Whalley will continue to serve as president and COO of Enron until the transaction closes.  Then he will become an executive vice president of the new company and will join the Dynegy Office of the Chairman.  Mark Frevert will continue as vice chairman of Enron.
 
 Management from Enron and Dynegy will work together to ensure a smooth, efficient integration.  The make-up of the integration team has not yet been determined.
 
 The merger will be a long and complex process and is expected to close by the end of the third quarter 2002.  This merger will create an enormous growth engine, providing great opportunities for our employees, shareholders and customers.  As with any merger, some elimination of positions is almost inevitable, and one of our key tasks will be to identify the optimal structure of the new company.  We hope to be able to address any need for work force reductions through attrition and hiring reductions.  Clearly, we cannot rule out involuntary separation, but Dynegy is motivated to identify and retain the best talent from both organizations.  I promise you that I will do everything I can to make this transition as smooth as possible.
 
 As I said in my video, this is a day like no other in our company's history.  We considered several options, but we believe that this merger with Dynegy is the best option to help rebuild investor and market confidence, strengthen our balance sheet and preserve our core businesses.
 

 
 I ask you to consider the enormously bright future of the newly formed company.  Rather than closing doors, we are opening new ones, as this deal enables the customers and shareholders of both companies to participate in the tremendous benefit of the combined enterprise, including our market reach, financial strength and industry experience.  Together, we will be a new merchant powerhouse.
 
 And again, thank you for everything you have done for Enron.
 
 
 Investors and security holders are urged to carefully read the joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding the proposed transactions when it becomes available, because it will contain important information.  Investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of the joint proxy statement/prospectus (when it is available) and other documents containing information about Dynegy and Enron, without charge, at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov.  Copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus and the SEC filings that will be incorporated by reference in the joint proxy statement/prospectus may also be obtained for free by directing a request to either:  Investor Relations, Dynegy Inc., 1000 Louisiana, Suite 5800, Houston, TX 77002, Phone:  (713) 507-6400, Fax:  (713) 507-6808; or Investor Relations, Enron Corp., 1400 Smith Street, Houston, TX 77002, Phone:  (713) 853-3956, Fax:  (713) 646-3002.
 
 In addition, the identity of the persons who, under SEC rules, may be considered "participants in the solicitation" of Dynegy and Enron shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions, and any description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, are available in an SEC filing under Schedule 14A made by each of Dynegy and Enron.
