
 
 I saw this recently.  It's true AND funny.  This place is amazing.
 
 Jim
 
  
     
 
 
 
 
 Make sure that you read all the way to the end.
 
 
 FEUDALISM
 You have two cows.
 Your lord takes some of the milk.
 
 FASCISM
 You have two cows.
 The government takes both, hires you to take care of them and  sells you
 the milk.
 
 PURE COMMUNISM
 You have two cows.
 Your neighbors help take care of them and you all share the  milk.
 
 APPLIED COMMUNISM
 You have two  cows.
 You must take care of them, but the government  takes all the milk.
 
 TOTALITARIANISM
 You have two  cows.
 The government takes them both and denies they  ever existed.
 Milk is banned.
 
 PURE DEMOCRACY
 You have two cows.
 You and your neighbors decide who gets the milk.
 
 REPRESENTATIVE DEMOCRACY
 You have two  cows.
 Your neighbors pick someone to tell you who gets  the milk.
 
 MEXICAN DEMOCRACY
 You have two  cows.
 The government takes both and drafts you into the  army.
 
 EUROPEAN DEMOCRACY
 You have two  cows.
 The EU commission decides which regulations for  feeding and milking
 apply.
 If  there aren't any, they invent some.
 They pay you not to  milk the cows.
 They take both cows, shoot one, milk the  other and pour the milk down
 the drain.
 They then require you to fill out forms accounting for the missing  cows.
 
 AMERICAN DEMOCRACY
 The government  promises to give you two cows, if you vote for it.
 After  the election, the president is impeached for speculating in cow
 futures.
 The press dubs the affair "cowgate," but  supports the president.
 The cows sue you for breach of  contract.
 Your legal bills exceed your annual  income.
 You settle out of court and declare  bankruptcy.
 
 CAPITALISM
 You have two cows.
 You sell one and buy a bull.
 Your herd  multiplies, and the economy grows.
 You sell them and  retire on the income.
 
 ENRON VENTURE CAPITALISM
 You have two  cows.
 You sell three of them to your publicly listed  company, using letters of
 credit opened by your  brother-in-law at the bank, then execute a debt/
 equity  swap with an associated general offer so that you get all four
 cows back, with a tax exemption for five cows. The milk rights of  the
 six cows are transferred via an intermediary to a  Cayman Island company
 secretly owned by the majority  shareholder who sells the rights to all
 seven cows back  to your listed company. The annual report says the
 company owns eight cows, with an option on one more.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 