
 
 Dave,
 	How are you?  I hope all is going well with your new job.  I'm sorry we won't be able to meet this Friday.  Can I call or e:mail you to set-up another time?
 
 I'll look forward to seeing you soon.
 
 Thanks,
 Lindy
 
  basically an advanced methodology & technology
    for
       making maintenance decisions.  They are the standard for electric T&D
       companies and are now trying to move over into the pipeline segment.
       This
       is how I was thinking about using them to structure a deal:
 
 
       1.  TW hires Accenture to implement RCM
       2.  RCM Benefits are determined by a pilot project (4 weeks)
       3.  Accenture pays TW upfront for 10 years of projected benefits from
       RCM
       (say $20MM) as part of our "guarantee"
       4.  TW pays Accenture an annual licensing fee for the use of RCM over
       the
       next 10 years which will flow into the next rate case.
 
       I am currently pursuing another project with Ben Asante, so I am
    around
       the
       Enron building.  Let me know if you would like to get together to
       discuss
       further.
 
       Hope all is well.
 
 
       Dave
       713-252-9061 (mobile)
 
 
 
 
       David A. Foti
       Accenture
       2929 Allen Parkway,  Suite 2000
       Houston, Texas 77019
       713/837-1997
 
 
       This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
       privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in
       error,
       please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any
    other
       use of the email by you is prohibited.
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
    privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in
    error,
    please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
    use of the email by you is prohibited.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
 privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
 please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
 use of the email by you is prohibited.